EMPLOYEES at ANC headquarters gathered outside Luthuli House yesterday to picket over non-payment of salaries. Their May salaries had not yet been paid. They further raised concerns about the ANC failing to contribute to their provident fund, which had been in arrears for months. Chanting, they carried placards with some written: “Comply with contractual obligations”, “We demand our salaries with immediate effect” and “Pay UIF contributions or face jail”. ANC acting deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte received the memorandum of demands and thanked workers on raising their issues in a disciplined manner. She said concerns raised were legitimate and some workers received SMS notifications on Tuesday indicating that their salaries had been paid. “The current cash flows challenges faced by the movement is the result of the variety of factors of which as you say, is really not your concern. The difficult situation faced by the staff and ANC will require sober and decisive actions. We are committed to concluding the processes of addressing the situation head on within the shortest space of time,” she said. She added that they would be looking at these matters at their meeting on Monday, and engage with workers thereafter. “We have a plan in place to manage the outstanding payments due to the provident fund. We also have a plan to deal with all other third parties contributions. We are committed to paying staff salaries and while payments may not be at the end of every month, there will be a monthly payment.” Duarte further reassured workers that no salaries would be reduced and retrenchments would only be done after consultations with the staff representatives. ANC treasurer-general Paul Mashatile reportedly claimed that the ANC found several ghost workers on its payroll and was conducting auditing. Duarte said the party was in the process of doing a second audit of all workers. “We do not have ghost workers. Over the years, when terms of officials at various levels have ended, we have chosen not to terminate the staff of office bearers because this was the right thing to do. We have also continued to pay our long-serving staff members, even those who have retired. We will review this and ensure that we have staff who do a full day’s work,” added Duarte.