TWO thugs entered Gugulethu Community Dental Clinic in Gugulethu today, 23 June, to rob construction workers. They held construction workers at gunpoint opposite Gugulethu Mall in Cape Town. Patients who were visiting the clinic were turned back by clinic staff saying the clinic is a crime scene and no one is allowed inside. Zukisani Moyo (45) heard gunshots while going to the mall. “I thought they were hijacking a car until I saw people running inside the mall coming from the clinic’s direction,” said Zukisani. After the gunshots went off he went to see what was happening. “I was worried about the clinic staff and the construction people inside. I was relieved when I heard it is the thugs that were killed after shooting first,” said Zukisani. He said he doesn’t condone killing each other but criminals have been terrorising the community for too long. “How many innocent people lost their lives at the hands of these thugs? They must also pay for the criminal activities they have been doing,” said Zukisani. ALSO READ: COPS SEIZE COKE WORTH R243 MILLION! Another resident said the thugs were shot and killed by a victim at the construction site. “We need to have guns so that we do what the victim did. They have been killing a lot of innocent people. He did well, I salute him because for the first time they lost,” added the resident. Warrant Officer Joseph Swartbooi said two men in their 20s were fatally wounded earlier today in NY 3, Gugulethu. “The suspects held construction workers at gunpoint at a construction site, opposite the Gugulethu Mall at about 10am,” said Swartbooi. He said the suspects demanded cash and cellphones. One of the victims allegedly fired shots at the suspects with his licensed firearm, killing both. “Gugulethu police are investigating a business robbery and have opened an inquest for further investigation and a firearm recovered on the scene will be sent for ballistic testing,” said Swartbooi. The City’s Mayoral Committee Member for Community Services and Health councillor Zahid Badroodien said the City of Cape Town’s Gugulethu Clinic is temporarily closed after a fatal shooting earlier today.