MAMELODI Sundowns coach Manqoba Mngqithi says there is no bad blood between the technical team and veteran midfielder Hlompho Kekana. This season, the club captain struggled for game time. He spent the better half of the campaign on the bench. He made cameo appearances despite being injury-free. That raised eyebrows as fans started questioning his lack of game time. Kekana featured in only 15 matches, eight of those being in the starting line-up and seven from the bench. He played a total of 629 minutes this campaign. The captain’s armband has changed hands between Kekana, centre-backs Ricardo Nascimento, Mosa Lebusa, and goalkeeper Denis Onyango this season. In March, Mngqithi moved swiftly to crush any existing confusion and assured that the Zebediela-born Kekana is still the club’s leader despite getting less game time. Mngqithi recently told the media that Hlompho is still part of the club and a respected member of the team. “I would prefer not to comment too much about Hlompho because there has been a lot of speculation that we don't like him and all sorts of things,” the soft-spoken Mngqithi said. When Sundowns were crowned league champions last Saturday, The 36-year-old Kekana was the one who lifted the title. Mngqithi explained: “The truth of the matter is that he is our captain, that is why we made sure that as captain of the club, he gets the respect he requires. “At this stage, we have not finalised what is going to happen to certain players. Hlompho has a contract with the club and he is still respected as one of the legends of the club." “It is true that he has not played many games but we must also look at those who played, what did they do for the club, because at times we dwell too much on him not having played many matches,” Mngqithi added. “We don't focus on how good those were that got the chance to play, while at Sundowns it's not easy for everyone.” Kekana and Onyango, are the most decorated players in PSL history. They have won the league a record eight times.  