Here is the Springboks team to face Georgia on Friday night, with debuts for Rosco Specman, Aphelele Fassi and a potential one off the bench for Jasper Wiese ??????#StrongerForever pic.twitter.com/rz05zAFOV8 ROSKO Specman has been described as a livewire who has brought a real energy to Springbok team environment by coach Jacques Nienaber. Specman, Aphelele Fassi and Jasper Wiese are in line to make their Springbok debuts on Friday when the Rugby World Cup champions line up against Georgia at Loftus Versfeld in the team’s first Test since lifting the Webb Ellis Cup in November 2019. “Rosko is a livewire, he brings lots of energy, and is someone who is always smiling and joking. And when it comes to the rugby, he is a real professional,” said Nienaber. “It is well documented how successful he was in sevens and was part of that Olympic bronze-medal winning team. He’s played a lot of tournaments on big stages. “On the field he is just so professional, and off the field he is a really good guy to have around who adds a lot of team energy.” Cheetahs speedster Specman – who is no stranger to international rugby with an Olympic Games bronze medal and numerous Blitzbok tournament successes to his name – will start on the right wing, while Fassi, who has been in hot form for the Cell C Sharks, has been named on the left wing. Wiese, a former star for theCheetahs who has since moved to the Leicester Tigers, has been included on the bench and will earn his first Test cap should he take the field. Springbok coach Jacques Nienaber, who will guide the Springboks in his first Test as head coach, named 18 Rugby World Cup winners in his matchday squad – 12 of whom featured in their 32-12 final triumph against England. Six of these 12 players will start against Georgia. They are Bok captain Siya Kolisi and his loose forward partner Pieter-Steph du Toit, Eben Etzebeth (lock), Bongi Mbonambi (hooker), Willie le Roux (fullback) and Handré Pollard (flyhalf). “We have selected the best team with an eye on what we would like to achieve in this Test against Georgia and we believe that we have a good balance with a number of experienced campaigners and a few young players who have made a strong statement this season,” said Nienaber. “Most of the players in this squad are Rugby World Cup winners, while others have been part of the national squad for a few seasons, and this will be invaluable against a team that boast the passion that Georgia exhibit.” 