THE sentencing of former president Jacob Zuma to 15 months imprisonment could not have come at the worst time for the ANC. By its own admission, the party was deeply divided from the top to the branches. Furthermore, this is an election year and less than a year before it elects new leadership. And in election year, you need to pull together and everyone knows how popular Zuma is. It is believed that the balance of forces within the national executive committee (NEC) has shifted in favour of the CR17, which is now in the driving seat. Even ANC veteran Mavuso Msimang acknowledged that the pursuit for unity had been elusive. He also accepted that the latest development would further complicate things, but expected the NEC to lead the way. “My expectations would be if it is the supreme decision making body in the ANC in-between conferences, the NEC’s pronouncement should be adhered to. If it says it is studying the judgment, we support the rule of law, then every member who is disciplined ought to form behind that decision. The NEC will have to say something,” he said. But even he knew that this was not clear cut as the MKMVA had already come out in support of Zuma. The NEC would be meeting this weekend and no doubt, the sentencing of Zuma will dominate discussions. And as a governing party, the ANC is in an unenviable position. It had to be seen to respect the law following the judgment that was handed down by the highest court in the land. This was also a big blow for ANC KZN because despite all his flaws, Zuma was popular in the province, which was planning to use him to campaign for the upcoming local elections. This explained why provincial chairman and premier Sihle Zikalala was willing to take abuse outside Pietermaritzburg High Court during Zuma’s appearance. Provincial secretary Mdumiseni Ntuli recently told the M&G that they would be approaching Zuma to ask him for help in the campaign. “A discussion with him will not be about asking him to help. It will be about which programmes he needs to implement. I will say: ‘You have a campaign in this area and we think a leader of your calibre will be suitable to represent the ANC. So, please make yourself available on this date. Alternatively if not, give us this date,’” said Ntuli. How much this loss will benefit the opposition was still anyone’s guess. In recent national conferences, the ANC had been preaching the need for no factions but instead, divisions went deeper and even more violent. In recent weeks, regional conferences were marred by violence where delegates were shot at, collapsing these conferences. Hours after the judgement, many structures of the party had not expressed themselves yet except the MKMVA, which vowed to protect Zuma from being arrested. This despite Zuma publicly saying he was prepared to go to jail than appear before the commission. Zuma, in many public engagements, dared the authorities and had a go at the judiciary. But, how much the jailing of Zuma has robbed the nation of information that was crucial in determining how the state was captured will only become clear when Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo makes his report public. Zuma was central to the establishment of the commission, which is why Zondo was desperate to have him testify. But after several attempts, Zondo went to the highest court to set an example with the former president that no one was above the law.