A SEASON that started positively for Kaizer Chiefs has come down to a battle for a spot in the top eight. This time last season, Amakhosi were sitting on the cusp of league glory... until they choked on the very last day and saw Mamelodi Sundowns snatch it from right under their noses. They still haven’t recovered fully from the ordeal, seeing as they stuttered throughout the current season. But nothing will give their fans hope for better fortunes than to qualify for the top eight, their remaining target this season. The good thing is that they are in control of this destiny going into their last DStv Premiership fixture against TS Galaxy at Mbombela Stadium tomorrow (3pm). They occupy ninth spot with 33 points, just three adrift of Galaxy. While the Rockets need only a draw to secure their spot in the lucrative MTN8 season opener, Amakhosi need an outright win to dislodge them from eighth spot. Can they do it? After their come-from-behind 3-2 victory over Golden Arrows, they certainly believe they can finish in the top half of the league table. No doubt Lebogang Manyama is oozing with confidence after he netted a hat-trick against Arrows and that has rubbed off on his teammates. “We will be ready. It’s only 48 hours, so we have to prepare the team quickly for the game on Saturday,” Chiefs caretaker coach Arthur Zwane said after the massive win. “We treat every game with respect. As a team of Kaizer Chiefs calibre, we have to play to win every game. Things haven’t been going well for us this season, but we understand that it’s just a phase. It’s only ourselves who can us get out of this.” Owen Da Gama has done fairly well to stabilise the Rockets, following their indifferent start to the season. A top-eight finish is as important to him as it is to the Chiefs stand-in coaches, Zwane and Dillon Sheppard. Meanwhile, Baroka FC have an outside chance of qualifying for the top eight, although it will require them to do the impossible in their last match against Swallows FC at Dobsonville Stadium. Not only will they need Chiefs to beat Galaxy, but they will also have to win their match by no less than four goals.