PROPHET Shepherd Bushiri has sent out a strong warning to those he claims want to make his life a living hell. In a statement responding to claims made by City Press on Sunday, 20 June, Bushiri claimed he knew who was behind stories about him in the media. This after it was reported that he had been in the country several times despite authorities looking for him. Defending these allegations, Bushiri claimed this was because he refused to give some people money and they promised to make his life a living hell. “You tarnished my name. You are still doing it now and you know, your days are numbered. My silence does not in any way indicate ignorance,” he wrote. The prophet lashed out after City Press reported that South Africa’s security agencies were investigating credible claims that he had been in the country several times since his dramatic escape last year. They further said they were trying to establish how he managed to slip through a tight security cordon that had been set up to arrest him. It was reported that security insiders said Bushiri had been in South Africa on three different occasions, but they only picked up on received intelligence on his second visit. “Both the Hawks and the State Security Agency are said to have been made aware of his presence and the information reached cabinet. Well-placed sources said the last time Bushiri was in the country was in early April. It is alleged he entered the country by land, the same way he escaped last year,” reported City Press. But according to Bushiri, known as Papa to his folk, this is just a media propaganda pushed forward against him. “But your presumptions will always prove to be what they are presumptions and baseless in nature. I have safely kept away all the evidence against your corrupt journalists and police officers, which I will present in court. I will expose you, trust me on that one,” he claimed. He further claimed these unnamed people could misrepresent facts on social media and make it appear as though they were at an advantage. “But trust me, the law in Malawi does not use media. They use evidence and facts. See you soon on the other side of the law,” he ended. Hawks spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Philani Nkwalase said they would not comment on speculation. He appealed to anyone with credible evidence that supports these speculations to come forward. He said it was common cause that Bushiri was currently in his country of birth and the process of bringing him back was dealt with by the authority in line with extradition arrangements.“At the right time we will bring the country into confidence once there are notable developments on that process,” said Nkwalase.