AN operation has allegedly left a five-year-old boy paralysed, and his parents want to know what went wrong. Adolecia Mabuza said the nightmare started in November when her son, Gift, started vomiting non-stop. The frustrated 26-year-old mother from Ivory Park in Ekurhuleni took her son to the clinic, where they gave him sachets to mix with water to rehydrate him. But Gift didn’t get better, so Adolecia took him to the doctor. “The doctor examined him and gave him medication,” she said. “He advised us to go to the hospital because my son had lost a lot of water.” Adolecia said Gift was admitted to Tembisa Hospital, and some days later a doctor told her his head was filled with water. “I didn’t understand because his head looked normal. I questioned the doctors about this and they said the only solution was an operation. “His father and I refused, but they insisted and his father signed the documents.” She said doctors allegedly told them they’d alert them when they’d operated, but they didn’t. “When I went to the hospital to visit Gift I found they’d already operated on him without informing us. When I asked if he was okay and if he’d wake up, the doctors told me to give him five days to regain consciousness,” she said. Gift eventually woke up a few days later but couldn’t move. “He couldn’t speak or walk. I was worried but the doctors reassured me he’d be fine,” she said. “My son is eating through a pipe and I don’t think he recognises me.” Doctors apparently wanted to discharge Gift, saying there was nothing more they could do for him. Said Adolecia: “We tried to fight them but failed. We didn’t want him to be released until he was back to his normal self, but they stopped attending to him and giving him physiotherapy.” Adolecia said they wanted an explanation from the hospital on what went wrong. Acting CEO at Tembisa Hospital, Dr Ashley Mthunzi, said the child had an underlying medical condition which caused vomiting. Mthunzi said the child’s condition led to complications that included an accumulation of fluids around the brain which needed surgical intervention. He said both parents were counselled and they consented to the operation. Dr Mthunzi said the family was informed that the child would benefit from rehabilitation services. Baneng Rehabilitation Centre was recommended to the family but they refused the offer.