POLICEMAN Samuel Makgopa is a proud father today! Samuel is the father of the new young Bafana Bafana and Baroka striker Evidence “Tower” Makgopa. The 21-year-old made his debut for Bafana in their 3-2 win against Uganda in the friendly match played at Orlando Stadium last Thursday. The youngster made his Bafana debut special when he netted a brace while the other goal was scored by the 20-year-old Maritzburg United’s Bongokuhle Hlongwane. “I don’t know how I can explain how happy I am as a father today,” Samuel told SunSport. “He (Tower) has made us and the whole country proud. We are a family who love football and we knew from an early age that he will become a professional football player. “This is a big day for my family. We cannot wait for him to come back home from representing his country. We are going to make sure he stays humble and continues to work hard.” He added: “He (Tower) was disappointed after not making it to the SA-under 23 squad for the Olympics Games (next month) but that has opened up another door for him. We are happy Bafana have found a new striker.” Even former Baroka coach Dylan Kerr, who promoted Makgopa to Bakgaga’s first team two seasons ago at the age of 20, is pleased with progress the star has made. “I saw Tower in the Diski Challenge when I was at Baroka and after that, I went to the chairman Khurishi Mphahlele and told him we need him in the first team,” said Kerr, currently with Tshakhuma FC. “I was impressed by his work ethic and the talent he displayed. I gave him his senior debut against Hungry Lions in the Nedbank Cup, but we played him in the midfield. “But after the game, I saw he is a striker and from there on we played him upfront and he never disappointed me. I see a big future for this lad and I wish him all the best. “All he has to do is to keep his feet on the ground and remain calm and work hard. Another thing I love about Tower is that he is humble, always smiling and wants to learn.” The happy Baroka coach Thoka Matsimela said: “I am proud of the Tower. I see (some of the skills of) the late Bafana legend Phil Masinga in him. Tower is a quality striker and his game has been improving season after season.” This season, Makgopa netted seven goals for Baroka.