SIPHO Mbatha has set the record to become the first person to obtain a doctorate in fashion design. He graduated from Tshwane University of Technology during a virtual ceremony on 1 June. Sipho from Evaton in the Vaal, south of Joburg, is also a lecturer at the university of technology. He said he was inspired by his grandfather Levai Lombard Mbatha, who served 20 years on Robben Island during the political struggle. “My love of fashion developed at a very early age due to my ability to draw. “When I played soccer, my family would call me to draw relatives that were visiting.” He said he was also inspired by his mother and grandmother, who used to sew. “I used to watch The Bold and the Beautiful to learn about fashion. ALSO READ: MADLALA: I WASN'T WORRIED WHEN KOMPHELA LEFT “I was not ashamed to tell my teachers that I wanted to be a fashion designer.” He said that he was also inspired by Archibald Monyepao, who mentored him at TUT. “When I entered the research space, Professor Anne Mastamet-Mason and Dr Rose-Laka Mathebula played a critical role in inspiring me to dare to obtain my doctorate. “I drew my inspiration from various people who exemplified traits I identified as important for my career,” he said. Sipho said he has been working on this vision since Mastamet-Mason dangled the carrot in front of him in 2009. “I became the first TUT fashion design student to pass his BTech and MTech with distinctions,” he said. “I’m yet to fully comprehend what it really means to be the first South African to obtain a doctorate in fashion design. “I feel I have dried my mother’s tears. I’m fortunate to have achieved this while she’s still alive. I’ve also made my family very proud.” Sipho lecturers third-year students at advanced diploma level and supervises master’s and doctoral candidates. He said he drifted away from being a fashion designer to being an academic researcher. “I’ve taken interest in helping South Africa improve its competitive advantage in the clothing manufacturing industry,” he said. “I strongly encourage fellow fashion designers to take an interest in research.” Sipho is also the director of three companies, including a dog breeding company called Terrible Twins Boerboels.