THE 2020-21 GladAfrica Championship season might have concluded controversially with promotion still not settled, but that doesn’t take away from the fact that it was one of the most exciting campaigns. Royal AM finished the season at the summit of the Championship standings with 51 points and thought they had clinched the title and automatic promotion to the DStv Premiership. But their celebrations were put on ice by the unresolved legal case involving Sekhukhune United and Polokwane City, which could change how the final Championship log standings look like. Sekhukhune, who were awarded three points by Safa arbitrator Hilton Epstein after Polokwane breached Safa’s Under-23 rule, could pip Royal AM to the title should the pending case go in their favour. Despite all the chaos at the end, the recently concluded campaign was one of the most exciting and tightly contested with a lot of players standing out having dished up sterling performances. SunSport looks at some of the best performing players from this season. KHANYISA MAYO (Richards Bay) The young exciting Richards Bay star was one of the players who emerged as a huge prospect. Mayo (22) was at one point arguably the on-form player across the top two divisions as he carried the Natal Rich Boyz’s title challenge. But in the end, Mayo’s seven goals were not enough to lead his side to automatic promotion. He could still find himself in the top flight next season as a number of PSL clubs are believed to be interested in his services. DECIDE CHAUKE (TS Sporting) Chauke has been one of the influential players in the Championship and a top performer for TS Sporting in the past few seasons. Chauke finished the season with eight goals having scored 11 in the 2019-20 season. As a result, Chauke has been snapped up by Baroka FC on a three-year deal with an option to renew for a further two years. MONNAPULE SALENG (Free State Stars) The resurgence of Free State Stars in the second half of the season was partly due to Saleng’s impressive form. He finished as the Championship’s top scorer with 13 goals to his name as he carried Ea Lla Koto’s push for promotion. MOEKETSI SEKOLA (Jomo Cosmos) Sekola once again reminded those who had forgotten that he is still one of the most potent finishers in Mzansi. The Botshabelo-born striker banged in 10 goals for inconsistent Jomo Cosmos this season. He missed out on the Golden Boot, however, finishing three goals behind top scorer Saleng. KATLEGO CWINYANE (Sekhukhune) Cwinyane was a star performer for the Championship rookies as they took the division by storm in their debut campaign. Cwinyane was influential for Babina Noko, as Sekhukhune are affectionately known, alongside the likes of Yusuf Maart and Thabang Sibanyoni.