E.TV’S soapie Imbewu: The Seed is calling for other South African soapies to celebrate Youth Day with them. They started the #ImbewuChallenge which they want the soapies to take part in. The cast of the soapie remade the performance of Freedom Is Coming from Sarafina! on social media. The video also included legendary actress Leleti Khumalo, who plays MaZulu on the soapie and played Sarafina. Imbewu publicist Eugene Cele-Kings said the challenge was started by one of their actors, Vuyiseka Cawe, who plays Nokuzola. “We had a photoshoot for the cast some time ago and Nokuzola had an idea. The photoshoot reminded her of Sarafina! and she suggested that we do this. She said we’ve got a living legend on our cast, so why don’t we celebrate her? Because these are the people who paved the way for actors, let us celebrate them and show appreciation while also celebrating the youth of 1976,” said Eugene. He said the celebration is more than just celebrating June 16, but is a plea to the government as well. ALSO READ : SKEEM SAAM FANS HAPPY FOR LESHOLE! “We’re saying thank you to the youth of 1976, but we also remind people that the struggle continues. The youth are still fighting for recognition and economic freedom,” he said. “There’s so much unemployment and the youth of South Africa needs jobs. So this is also our way of saying the struggle continues and we will still fight. The government needs to hear us and help the youth,” said Eugene. They said they hope help from other soapies will help reach the government faster. “We then thought to include other soapies to celebrate Youth Day with us because we need support from our counterparts. Actors don’t usually come together to do such things. But if other soapies join the challenge, it’ll be like teamwork – South African actors coming together for a better South Africa,” he said. Eugene said the challenge won’t just end on social media. “For the month of June, we’ll be playing short clips before and during the shows. We’ll be speaking to our cast on what youth month means to them. So the video on social media was also about driving people to the 9:30pm time slot on e.tv,” said Eugene. Catch Imbewu: The Seed on e.tv, Monday to Friday at 9:30pm. A post shared by Imbewu (@etvimbewu)  A post shared by Imbewu (@etvimbewu) 