BLOEMFOTEIN Celtic boss, Max Tshabalala, has conceded defeat and said they will pay their former employee, Patrick Tignyemb, all his R3 million owed to him. But the Celtic chairman said he plans on settling the payment in four instalments, of which he claims two have already been made to the player’s account, in their quest to avert the ban imposed by Fifa on them over the next two transfer window period. Phunya Sele Sele cannot sign players during this time, as well as the January transfer window period, if they do not settle their bill with the angry ex-player. Celtic owe the 36-year-old Cameroonian R3m in unpaid salaries in line with his contract that he argues the club bridged when they fired him. The veteran goalkeeper saw his contract with Celtic terminated ahead of the 2019-20 season after he fought with then club management over unpaid salaries. He then took the matter to Fifa to intervene and the world football controlling body instructed Celtic to pay the outstanding money on Tignyemb’s existing contract, which SunSport saw. Tshabalala said he has already made payments and intends on settling it before the start of the new DStv Premiership season. “We’re busy paying off the amount, we’ve already put in two instalments. The minute we’re finished paying off the amount then everything will be fine, we’re pushing towards that” said Tshabalala. “I’m also borrowing money from my other companies. I want to make sure that by the start of the season then we’ve paid him. We’ve already spoken to Fifa and trying to make sure that we finalise it. It’s a huge amount, but I’ll make sure we pay.” Tignyemb at the time insisted that whatever he did to fight for his teammates then, he would do it again because he couldn’t keep quiet as captain when his teammates went hungry. “Fifa told them they must pay me immediately and Fifa sent them my banking account details,” said Tignyemb at the time from Cameroon. “I was not going to be a ‘Mr Yes and Mr Accept Every Nonsense’. I told them my players are suffering. Can you keep quiet while people are struggling and hungry?” Tignyemb said it pained him to see things end this way for the club, whom he featured in 326 games for and helped them win the Telkom Knockout trophy in 2012. Fifa last week wrote to Safa reminding them that Celtic are banned from signing players.