GOALS were not as galore at the end of this season as the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season came down today. However, Mamelodi Sundowns wrapped up the league title with style as Lyle Lakay (10th) and two goals from Peter Shalulile (75’, 82’) as the Tshwane giants overwhelmed Cape Town City 3-0 at Loftus Stadium. Lakay curled one his in the first half and Shalulile, recently crowned once more with the DStv Premiership player of May and June, ran from his half to slot what was his 14th league goal of the season. He then added the second to take his league goal tally to 15, leaving him one short to level with SuperSport United striker Bradley Grobler (16 goals). He almost equalled it, cutting inside but his fearsome shot rattled the woodwork. But his goal glut it was a little too late to defend and share the Golden Boot shoe award he won/ shared last season. At Harry Gwala Stadium, AmaZulu, who were already guaranteed the second spot, were held to a goalless draw to finish this season on 54 points, 13 points behind champions Sundowns. Coach Benni McCarthy hinted before the game that he will blood players who have not played much this season, and he did just that. Mzansi’s icon Siphiwe Tshalalala started his game for the first time this season and brought old memories with his classy touches in the midfield and was willing from the off, but Maritzburg held on as they survived the relegation play-offs. Orlando Pirates, despite drawing 0-0 with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), finished third to qualify for next season’s Caf Confederation Cup. They beat Golden Arrows, who occupied that third spot two games ago, who dropped to fourth - their highest position in the PSL under the rookie coach Mandla Ncikazi, drew goalless with Stellenbosch FC at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium. In the story of the day, Samir Nurkovic scored the most important goal as Kaizer Chiefs finished in the top eight after defeating TS Galaxy 1-0 at Mbombela Stadium. They were under threat not to finish inside the top half, which led to the sacking of coach Gavin Hunt on Friday last week. But interim coach Dillion Sheppard and Arthur Zwane were able to handle the storm as they came to this game after beating Arrows 3-2 in their previous match. Lastly, Chippa United finished second from the bottom after they were held by SuperSport at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. The Eastern Cape based-side will be involved in the mini-league playoffs to have a chance to retain their PSL status. As to when they will play, remains to be seen as the decision of who is crowned GladAfrica Championship and that team finish second, will be decided into the court of law. Today’s results: Sundowns 3-0 Cape Town City Pirates 0-0 TTM TS Galaxy 0-1 Chiefs Maritzburg 0-0 AmaZulu Leopards 1-1 Celtic Arrows 0-0 Stellenbosch FC Chippa United 1-1 SuperSport United Swallows 1-1 Baroka FC