THE drama that preceded the start of the promotion/relegation play-offs has not been ideal for preparation, according to Richards Bay coach Allan Freese. Freese, who recently joined the Natal Rich Boyz, as Bay are affectionately known, admitted that the uncertainty surrounding the play-offs might have had a negative impact on preparations. The KwaZulu-Natal outfit have been watching from the outside as their neighbours Royal AM took their battle for promotion to the courtrooms. AM, are fighting Gauteng High Court deputy judge president Roland Sutherland’s verdict‚ which upheld an arbitration to award three points to promotion rivals Sekhukhune United. However, AM’s application to have this initial order reviewed in the Supreme Court of Appeal was once again dismissed by Sutherland on Friday. This, according to the Premier Soccer League (PSL), meant that there was nothing else stopping the play-offs from getting underway. And the Natal Rich Boyz and Chippa United got the ball rolling on Saturday, with the Chilli Boys walking away 2-1 winners. Freese believes both sides were affected by the uncertainty leading up to the start of the three team mini-league. “It was nice to finally play. But it was after a long period of uncertainty. We come and play or we don’t play? What’s on the players’ minds? We just had to keep motivating the players,” said Freese. This thing can be confusing. One minute you’re playing and the next you’re not. It definitely did interfere with the preparations and got into the players’ minds,” said Freese. His counterpart, Lehlohonolo Seema, shared the same sentiments even though his side walked away victorious. “You are just not sure what to expect. The things that were happening off the field meant that we were not sure of anything. You are not sure when you’re playing. You try to prepare and plan this way but then it doesn’t happen and you stop. You’re forced to play by ear. I must compliment players from both teams because it’s not easy,” said Seema. Seema’s Chippa face more uncertainty ahead of their next game against AM, which is scheduled to take place at Chatsworth Stadium tomorrow (3pm). It remains to be seen whether AM will honour the fixture.