NO one is guaranteed a Bafana Bafana call up. That is the message from assistant coach Helman “Mkhalele” on behalf of the new technical team. Mkhalele serves as a second assistant to head coach Hugo Broos with Macedonian Cedomir Janevski the first assistant. The pair, Bross and Janevski, missed out on Bafana’s last match, a 3-2 win over Uganda, due to Covid-19 related reasons. Mkhalele was the man in full control on the touchline as he guided a youthful Bafana to an impressive victory. The new-look side consisted of mainly young players who play regularly in the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Bafana veterans such as Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo, and Itumeleng Khune were all snubbed. Mkhalele insists that players, from now on, will be chosen on talent and what they bring to the national team rather than their reputation. “When we sat down with coach Broos I shared from my own playing experience saying that when I look at players, I don’t look at the teams they are playing for,” said Mkhalele. “I just look at the talent that will provide the solution to my problems. “So even if that player, for instance, plays for Black Leopards but I see that he can provide solutions as a player for me, then we’ll pick him. “When that profile of player then joins up with the team, we’ll just be working on the mindset then. We’ll work hard to convince them that when you wear that South African jersey, it’s not there as a stepping stone. “We all need to know what wearing that jersey means, and it’s not only the Bafana Bafana status. But it carries the hopes and dreams of the entire nation where young South African kids and also citizens who are abroad have something to look towards “We want to make sure that our kids have something that will serve as an inspiration to improve their lives for the better. So, if Bafana Bafana does well, I’d say the whole country changes positively, and that is what I’d say we’ll be working on.” The approach for a youthful team picked on merit afforded the likes of Evidence “Tower” Makgopa, Bongokuhle Hlongwane, Ethan Brooks and more the opportunity to shine. Makgopa bagged a brace on debut and Hlongwane also got on the scoresheet while Brooks was solid in midfield. These young players will now hope to crack the nod again when Bafana get their Group G World Cup qualifying campaign underway away to Zimbabwe at the beginning of September.