ACTRESS Sthandwa Nzuza took a Sho’t Left to Lesotho together with Tourism KwaZulu-Natal. The actress, who plays Dr Zandile Mkhize on e.tv’s DURBAN Gen, travelled from KZN through the Sani Pass to Lesotho. The Sani Pass is a mountain pass that links KZN to the Kingdom of Lesotho. She drove through the mountain with an altitude of 2874 metres on a 4×4 and drove through the highest pub in Africa, where some had Maluti beer. She also experienced the snow in Lesotho. Sthandwa stayed at the Premier Resort Sani Pass while on the trip. Speaking about the test of her journey, she said she enjoyed the food she had on the trip. “We travelled to a private homestead where we tasted freshly baked bread and savoured some traditional beer. The Basotho people are very warm and friendly. Staying at the Premier Resort Sani Pass was a relaxing and peaceful getaway – the food and hospitality were exceptional, and I got to enjoy the beautiful scenery while horse-riding to a waterfall,” she said. Sthandwa said the best part of her trip was paragliding. ALSO READ : MNQOBI IS ALL ABOUT LOVE! “The highlight of the trip was tandem paragliding off the top of a cliff in Bulwer, near Himeville. I could not stop screaming when I had to run off the cliff with the instructor. However, it was an amazing experience and definitely an activity to try again,” she said. The general manager of Premier Resort Sani Pass, Marthinus Stander, said the resort borders the uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park, a World Heritage Site that includes the Royal Natal National Park and the Drakensberg National Park. “The resort comprises 120 rooms catering for families, couples, a group of friends and the elderly. We have lots of activities for kids and grown-ups,” said Marthinus. “Visitors can go hiking, horse-riding, enjoy a round of golf, experience the running trails, play board games and children can enjoy various activities,” he said. Travel blogger Ursula Mpho, who also travelled with Sthandwa, said she had the time of her life in KZN having experienced so many activities for the first time. “Although getting onto a horse was quite a challenge, the ride along the scenic route to the waterfall was indeed a special experience and very tranquil. Paragliding has been a magical flight experience with views overlooking the Southern Drakensberg, which will leave you breathless. It was a wonderful experience going up Sani Pass and I will always have fond memories of playing in the snow,” said Ursula. 