AL Ahly coach Pitso Mosimane should not be encouraged in facing Kaizer Chiefs in the Caf Champions League final, as the stats proves that things are equal between him and the Soweto giants. Chiefs, against all odds of being unable to sign players the whole of last season, reached the Champions League final following a stoutly defensive approach to get a goalless draw against Moroccan giants Wydad Athletic Club in the second leg semi final at FNB Stadium on Saturday. However, they progressed after winning 1-0 in Moroccan city of Casablanca in the first leg through a goal from Samri Nurkovic. In doing so, they became the first South African side to win in Morocco in the Champions League. It was just Chiefs’ first trip in Morocco after previously losing to Wydad’s fierce rivals Raja, who they lost in the second round of the same competition in 2015. Mosimane, in charge of Mamelodi Sundowns, couldn’t win in Morocco in five attempts but so too the Moroccan giants in Mzansi. Jingles only beat Wydad in the Champions League semi final last season with Ahly to go all the way to win the Holy Grail of African club football, after he stunned the nation in September last year to resign at Sundowns. But Mosimane, in four cup finals he has faced Chiefs domestically, he has won twice while Chiefs have won the other two. Mosimane, who was appointed as the SuperSport United coach in 2001-02 season before leaving his job at the end of 2006-07 season, firstly denied Chiefs to become the first side in the PSL to win the treble in one season. SuperSport beat Chiefs 1-0 in the SAA Supa 8 final in the 2004-05 season in Durban. However, in the same season, the Soweto giants couldn't be defeated by Jingles for the second time as Ted Dumitru’s side won 1-0 in the Coca-Cola Cup final. These two sides met again in Mosimane’s last season, in 2006-07, after the South African Football Association (Safa) came calling for him to assist Carlos Alberto Perreira ahead of the 2010 World Cup. The Tshwane giants were defeated 1-0 in the SAA Supa 8 (now knowns as MTN8) by Ernst Middendorp’s Chiefs in Durban. However, Mosimane avenged the loss during his eight years at Sundowns. He beat Chiefs 3-1 in the Telkom Knockout final in the 2015-16 season at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium At Sundowns, Mosimane faced Chiefs 16 times. In those matches, he won six, drew five and lost five.