WITH Black Leopards now relegated, it will be a case of survival of the fittest tomorrow to avoid the relegation/promotion play-offs battle. After 29 matches, either Chippa United, Stellenbosch FC and Maritzburg United, will finish 15th in the DStv Premiership and will have to fight for their PSL lives in the play-offs. The side ending 15th will play against GladAfrica runners up and the team finishing third, once the court cases that are currently underway involving a number of Championship sides to decide who will be declared winners and runners up. Tomorrow, Stellenbosch, who have not won any of their last 11 games face Golden Arrows at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium. The Chilli Boys host SuperSport United, and Maritzburg entertain second-placed AmaZulu at Harry Gwala Stadium. All matches kick-off at 3pm. Chippa are sitting on 15th spot with 26 points, Stellies are on 28, with the Team of Choice the better of them all with 29 points. Ernst Middendorp’s Maritzburg need to avoid a heavy defeat to be safe and hope other results go their way. Chippa have to win and hope Maritzburg suffer a 4-0 or bigger defeat against SuperSport. Chippa coach Lehlohonolo Seema said they are not giving up. “It is still in our hands to win and see what happens to others. Our game against SuperSport is a survival game. We have to throw everything at them. There’s nothing we will be working on. We just need to win the match. We are happy that we don’t have any injuries heading to that match. We have nothing to lose, but to fight for our lives.” Stellenbosch coach Steve Barker remains upbeat that they will be able to save their status. On Wednesday, Stellies earned a point when they drew 0-0 against TS Galaxy. “A very hard-fought point. The conditions were not too easy in the field but both teams had a lot to play for. We were playing for our lives and TS Galaxy are playing for a place in the top eight. It was a very cagey affair. We showed we were solid, but we also did not create many chances,” said Barker after the match against Galaxy. “But the battle is not over. We have to go to the final match of the season and fight for our lives. It will not be easy. We will just need not to be too anxious and try to convert our chances on the day.”