Actress Ayanda Borotho has shared her thoughts on black tax, saying she doesn’t understand it. The former Isibaya actress, known for speaking out on different topics, said this in a video she posted on Instagram. She said she hadn’t posted such videos in a long time but felt the need to say something because the issue didn’t sit well with her. Ayanda said: “Please understand that when you complain about supporting your parents, there are people who wish they had parents to support. “The fact that you have money to support your parents, please understand, means you have money compared to people who don’t have it.” She said she doesn’t know how black tax came about. “I don’t like this black tax thing of adopting western ideologies and making them ours,” she said. “Black tax was nonexistent. How it came about or who came with it, I don’t know. Supporting your parents has never been a curse. It’s a blessing.” “It’s another thing to support your siblings who were afforded the same opportunities as you. ALSO READ | TWO HEADS BETTER THAN ONE “That’s abuse. You also can’t support people who’re your age. What I’m complaining about is that people complain when supporting their parents.” Ayanda advised people not to curse their blessings. “Woe unto you because one day you’ll also be that parent and I’m asking if it will still be called black tax when you are now supposed to be supported by your kids? Let’s not curse our blessings,” she said. “We’re so quick to take care of other things and other issues that have nothing to do with us. We support old men, things that have nothing to do with us. But we don’t support our homes. Let’s not take what’s meant to be a blessing to us and make it a curse.” In conclusion, Ayanda said: “There’s no blessing that’s as powerful as the one from parents. So supporting your parents can never be black tax. It’s one thing if it’s abuse – it’s too much and overwhelming. And in any case, you can create your own boundaries. It’s fine.” A post shared by Ayanda "MaNgubane" Borotho (@ayandaborotho) 