IN the past, there have been reports of thugs who allegedly used muthi to make themselves invisible. But some people also use this muthi, popularly known as mshoshaphansi, to poke. It’s either applied on the body like lotion, chewed, carried in the pocket or burnt. And its price is often negotiable. However, izangoma said only those who practised witchcraft and fake izangoma were in possession of this kind of muthi. Gobela Grace Ndlovu said those who were seeking this muthi didn’t know what they were signing up for. “Some are behind bars while others got exposed in communities, accused of witchcraft. However, people are still using this muthi for different reasons. “It is not only wrong, but evil,” she said, adding that the muthi was also used to poke unsuspecting victims. “The next morning, some women think they might have slept with a tokoloshe because they woke up with a wet punani or presume they had sex dreams. “It’s also not a fake bewitching history that evil people fly during the wee hours – it is this muthi. They sneak into people’s homes and put a spell.” Gobela Mamtolo Mangena said she had turned away many customers looking for it. “Mshoshaphansi is also known as phunyuka bamphethe. “Some thugs burn it outside houses they are targeting and it puts families into a deep sleep. “People also use it to have sex with others while they are asleep, which is rape. “A woman will wake up with itchy boobs and a wet punani. It is also used to make someone fall in love with them or agree to having sex with them. These are all evil deeds,” she said. Gobela Rebone Tshabalala-Moloki, president of Abathwali Bemithi Traditional Healers Organisation, said using this muthi was wrong and unacceptable. She said they had been engaging with other izangoma to find ways to tackle its use. “It pains us that others are using muthi to cause harm and damage the reputation of good izangoma. They don’t care because they are driven by money. They also practise witchcraft and use muthi to trick women into sleeping with them. They’re in the business of making money, not healing,.” She said that good izangoma had muthi that helped families resolve matters internally. “However, evil izangoma have taken advantage of that muthi, mix it with other herbs to help people commit crime.”