MUVHANGO ACTRESS, Constance “Connie” Sibiya has gone out of her way to spread the word of God. The actress who plays Hangwani Mukwevho on the SABC2 soapie handed out Bibles to kids at the Christ Centered Church in Atteridgeville, Pretoria yesterday. Connie who recently became a bishop-elect, partnered with fellow actors Candy Magidimisa, Innocentia Machidi, Maumela Mahuwa and Gabriel Temudzani to collect the 80 bibles and donate to the youth.Connie said she has youth groups at her church.“I started a new thing. I asked them to bring Bibles so we can start learning. To my surprise, out of 53 children only three brought Bibles,” said Connie.The kids said they only have one Bible in their homes and some didn’t have Bibles at all.“I saw this as an opportunity to bring the Word of God to the kids. When Youth Month started I decided to campaign and looked for Bibles so that everyone who needs a Bible would get it,” she said.“I’m happy that kids finally got their Bibles. Unfortunately, I couldn’t get illustrated Bibles because they’re expensive,” she said.“Children under 10 didn’t get any. But we’re working on that.”The bishop said they’d continue with the project even though they already gave away Bibles on Sunday.“Over the past weeks this project grew and as I was posting this on social media,” she said.“There were people from other provinces who wanted to get Bibles, too.“So I’m making this bigger. I’ve received contact from pastors from all over the country asking to join this project. We might go to Vereeniging next.”She said people who want to donate and want Bibles can contact her on social media.Candy said she really loves working with young people.“I like letting them know that they’re strong and can overcome anything,” she said.“When Ma Connie told me about this project I knew it was the one for me.”Candy said this project will continue and grow bigger than just handing over Bibles to kids.“Once the Covid-19 situation improves we’re planning to start drama lessons for kids,” she said.“The stories will be about the Bible, so they learn about it in a fun way.“This will be a way to keep them away from the streets.”