NEGOTIATIONS between mbaqanga artists and Ukhozi FM management have reached a deadlock. The two parties met in April after the artists complained about issues including a lack of airplay of mbaqanga music. At the time, mbaqanga leader Sipho Phoswa said: “In April, we had a promising meeting with Ukhozi management. However, we are disappointed that none of our complaints were addressed. Instead, they made decisions without involving us. “We asked they play two mbaqanga songs on each show and for mbaqanga music to share the same slot as maskandi music on Sigiya Ngengoma. “We also asked they include at least one song for the song of the year competition and that mbaqanga artists or a committee be involved when mbaqanga music is compiled.” Sipho said the SABC management promised to consider their requests, but didn’t. In an email seen by Daily Sun, the SABC wrote: “Your request was taken into consideration. It was decided that Dudu Khoza’s show will have a special feature where two or three mbaqanga songs will be played. “That will ensure the number of mbaqanga songs is increased. There will also be an addition of mbaqanga songs on our playlist. However, we don’t have enough mbaqanga songs in our playlist and we’re requesting you submit new music to the music library.” ALSO READ | ZOZI DOLL MET WITH CRITICIS Previously, acting SABC spokeswoman Mmoni Seapolelo said they dealt with the matter. “The station went rough his submissions and music that met the criteria was playlisted. It must be noted that mbaqanga music is playlisted during the day and it’s a mix of old and new music,” she said. But Sipho told Daily Sun they have reached a deadlock with SABC. “We’ve engaged with Ukhozi management and they are not taking us seriously. We’ve written to President Cyril Ramaphosa and we feel it’s time to regroup and act,” he said. Gugu Ntuli, SABC’s group executive for corporate affairs and marketing, said: “The SABC can confirm Ukhozi FM has increased mbaqanga music on-air and has further created a feature on Jabulujule, where mbaqanga songs are played daily. The station has a team of suitably qualified people who are employed to make scheduling decisions using the tools that are available to them such as research and the station’s music policy. “The increase in mbaqanga music was carefully considered based on various factors, including engagements with a group calling themselves mbaqanga lovers. “The station encourages artists to submit their music as per the station’s requirements, and if it meets the required standards, it will be scheduled as per station’s music policy.”