THE PSL has challenged the decision handed down by Gauteng High Court honourable judge Nyathi on Monday night to interdict the end of the season DStv Premiership promotion/relegation play-offs. The PSL has been compelled to seek urgent relief as the last day of the official season is on the 30th of June where most players contracts end. The league added that any further delay in completing the play-offs would complicate the 2021-22 season start. Judge Nyathi granted the application to suspend the play-offs to interdict the games, as the matter was raised by Royal AM as an urgent application, meaning it had to be attended to quickly. “The Executive Committee of the Premier Soccer League (PSL) today resolved to urgently seek leave to appeal against the order handed down by the Honourable Mr Acting Judge Nyathi of the Gauteng High Court on the evening of Monday the 14th of June 2021,” said the league statement. “Acting Judge Nyathi interdicted the end of season promotion/relegation play-offs that were due to commence at 3pm on the 15th of June 2021. “The PSL has been compelled to seek urgent relief as the last day of the official season is the 30th of June 2021. “Many player contracts terminate on that date and any further delay in completing the play-offs places the start of the 2021/22 season at risk.“ MaMkhize is fighting tooth and nail as she feels her team, Royal Am, are rightful champions of the GladAfrica Championship after they finished top of the table at the end of the season. Nevertheless, they were dethroned by Sekhukhune United, who won the PSL top-flight promotion via the courtroom on Saturday after deputy Judge Roland Sutherland confirmed that the two Safa Arbitration Tribunal awards handed down by Advocates Epstein and Cassim SC, which impacted the final log standings should stand. This infuriated MaMkhize to take the matter to the High Court to be granted an application to see the play-offs interdicted. MaMKhize, who promised she would not bow down easily, was supposed to start the play-offs against Richards Bay, who finished third in the Championship at Umhlathuze Sports Ground on Tuesday afternoon.