This year marks 45 years
since the 1976 Soweto uprisings. And 16 June is meant to
reflect on the class of 1976’s fight for better education. Although young people are
now receiving better education, they’re facing a different kind of challenge –
a lack of jobs. Kamogelo Rakoma (23) from
Diepkloof, Soweto, is studying towards a teaching degree. Although she spends a lot
of time on her books, she’s worried she may join the unemployment queue after
graduation. “It’s possible I might sit
for five years without getting a job. I’ll take whatever comes,” Kamogelo told
Daily Sun. She said she completed an
Early Childhood Development qualification in 2019, but has not got a job in
that field. She then decided to do a degree in foundation phase with the hopes
of landing a job. “Those who’re doing various
courses must keep studying, but shouldn’t rely heavily on their qualifications
to get a job,” she said. Dingane Mofokeng (23) from
Katlehong, Ekurhuleni, doesn’t have any qualifications. He said working with
his hands helps him put food on the table. He works at the Art Centre
Car Wash in Katlehong. “I’ve been working at the
car wash for a long time. I left school and started working at the car wash. I
left school in grade 10,” he said. “Some of the people I grew
up with are working, some are still studying, while some are still around the
kasi.” He said that having done
panel-beating briefly, he hoped to one day work with cars instead of just
washing them. Working alongside Dingane
is Thuso Moloi (38), who was retrenched by a printing company in 2018. “My brother and his friends
started this car wash, so I joined them after school and on weekends. “They ended up leaving it
and I took over and ran it,” he said. Thuso said although Youth
Day should be celebrated, the day isn’t like it was before. “It’s now just a public
holiday. It‘is not like before. It doesn’t have that ‘thing’,” he said. He said if there was a
limit on the fun being had, people would remember the importance of Youth Day. Lerato Mapheleba said:
“Many young people died fighting for freedom. It has huge meaning. It should
continue being celebrated because many young people fought for what we have
today. She said she only has
matric and was lucky her partner taught her to sew. “We started by making
beads. We bought one sewing machine and were able to work and buy more
machines,” she said. “We opened TNL Traditional
Store in Mosiliki, Katlehong. “We sell traditional
clothing, pyjamas, tracksuits and other items.” Lerato’s partner, Sean
Venge (32), said: “Nowadays you have to try something for yourself. “You can even try selling
something small and you’ll eventually grow bigger. “For example, if you’re
into carpentry and you don’t have material, you can sell eggs first and make
money to buy the wood and whatever materials you might need.”