ACTING health minister Mmamoloko Kubayi-Ngubane yesterday appealed to parliament’s portfolio committee to give the SIU a chance to investigate the Digital Vibes scandal and not compromise by rushing to have details revealed. Kubayi-Ngubane said the SIU was best placed to probe the matter and it was only a matter of weeks before its report was released. The appeal came after MPs demanded answers as to how the contract was approved. MPs even went as far as demanding that Minister Zweli Mkhize be brought from special leave to give answers if Kubayi-Ngubane couldn’t give them. The acting minister refused to release the names of other officials in the department involved in awarding the contract. “We are not able to publicly say their names because these are still allegations. As you know, the Labour Relations Act is very clear on processes,” she said. When asked who signed off on the contract, director-general Sandile Buthelezi said in normal circumstances he would, but he couldn’t say more as the probe was ongoing. Meanwhile, Buthelezi couldn’t confirm whether there had been cases of people who had received the Covid-19 vaccination only to become infected and die. All he could say was they had received complaints and were following up. Kubayi-Ngubane was criticised after giving a presentation on the number of infections and the vaccine roll-out. EFF MP Naledi Chirwa said the presentation was misleading. A heated exchange between them led to Chirwa being removed from the virtual meeting. But, Kubayi-Ngubane admitted she wasn’t happy with the slow pace at which people were getting jabbed. MEANWHILE: Gogos and madalas can now walk into any vaccination centre and get help without having registered. The Gauteng Health Department announced that all Covid-19 vaccination sites in the province will accept walk-ins for people over the age of 60. After the department of health announced the start of the second vaccine roll-out phase last month, many elders expressed concerns about struggling to register on the electronic vaccination data system. They said they didn’t have smartphones and some couldn’t read or use the internet. The department said a total of 4 420 patients had to be hospitalised at both public and private healthcare facilities. It said there’d been an increase in admissions in Gauteng, with private facilities accounting for the majority. On Thursday 17 May, Gauteng Health MEC Nomathemba Mokgethi delivered the 2021/22 health budget. She said an additional R2 billion had been made available for the response to corona, including vaccinations at 330 sites. She said there were 3 840 Covid-19 beds at public facilities and an extra 747 beds ready to be activated. On Wednesday, the National Institute for Communicable Diseases recorded 13 246 new cases.