KAIZER Chiefs have produced a number of top class players through their youth ranks. That was the club’s response to the memorandum of demands handed by supporters to club management early this month. Amakhosi supporters marched to the club headquarters in Naturena to hand a memorandum expressing their dissatisfaction with the way the team was underperforming and demanding an improvement. In response, the club said they are happy with the results of the development team in the DStv Diski Challenge Rewired. “The reserve team continues to make progress in the league, and we look forward to an even better outcome next season. We believe that coach Arthur Zwane and the Youth Development team are doing a sterling job,” the club said. “In recent times, the Diski Challenge has been instrumental in giving young players real experience.  It has produced some incredible talent who have been selected to represent in the national under 17, 20 and 23 teams. Kaizer Chiefs reserves (MDC) won the inaugural Diski Shield in 2018. Over the years, Chiefs have promoted many players from their reserve team who cemented have a place in the first team, and others even represented the national team from junior to senior level. “Wiseman Meyiwa was selected for both the FIFA Under 17 in 2015 and Under 20 in 2017 World Cup tournaments. He was also the youngest player ever to score for the Kaizer Chiefs first team. Njabulo Blom, Bruce Bvuma, Siyabonga Ngezana, Happy Mashiane, Siphosakhe Nitya-Nitya, Nkosingiphile Ngcobo (Caf best XI in 2019), Sabelo Radebe, are just some players who have gone on to enjoy successful careers in recent times.” “Not forgetting Hendrick Ekstein and Lorenzo Gordinho, who are both playing overseas. More results of our development efforts can be seen on pitches across the country. “In the recent quarterfinal of the Caf Champions League, we had no less than five players who come from our development structures in the team. The Diski Challenge remains one of the most important sources for recruiting players for our first team.” In the Diski Challenge Rewired, which AmaZulu won, Chief lost 4-3 on a penalty shootout in the semifinals to Usuthu after a 1-1 draw in regular time.   