ALLAN Freese will be back to familiar territory this week when he leads Richards Bay FC in the promotion/relegation play-offs. The Natal Rich Boyz are scheduled to kick-off the play-offs campaign against their KwaZulu-Natal neighbours Royal AM at Umhlathuze Stadium tomorrow (3pm). Freese was announced as the new coach of the club on Saturday, replacing Simo Dladla, who was fired following a string of poor results that saw the club drop from top of the GladAfrica Championship to end in third position – just making the cut for the play-offs. This is not be the first time Freese has been involved in the play-offs. The well-travelled mentor will be banking on his experience to help the Rich Boyz win promotion to the DStv Premiership via play-offs, a feat he achieved five seasons ago with Highlands Park. Freese guided the Lions of the North to promotion in the 2015-16 season after winning the play-offs. Richards Bay, Royal AM, who finished second in the Championship, and Chippa United, who ended their Premiership campaign in 15th position, will contest the play-offs for the remaining PSL berth. The club’s on-form striker Khanyisa Mayo admitted that this would not be an easy journey for the three teams, however, but promised the Rich Boyz have a nasty surprise for both Chippa and Royal AM. “We are happy that we are finally going to play after there was uncertainty,” Mayo said referring to the legal case that delayed to play-offs, which saw the crowning of the Sekhukhune United as Championship winners and automatic promotion to the Premiership. The case that involved Sekhukhune, Royal AM and Polokwane City was finally concluded on Saturday, so people thought. But Royal AM yesterday launched an appeal with the Supreme Court to have the order to award Sekhukhune three points be reviewed. “We are prepared. We know we could have done better towards the end of the season. But now we get another chance and we will be out to fix our mistakes and win promotion,” added Mayo. The play-offs will run until 30 June with the three teams playing each other twice, and the team with the most points will book their place in the Premiership for the 2021-22 season.