ROYAL AM have dared the PSL. “We are not playing any game!” said Royal AM chief executive officer Sinky Mnisi when asked about their readiness for their promotion/relegation play-off fixture. According to a revised PSL fixture released on Saturday, Royal AM are scheduled to host Chippa United in the play-offs match at Chatsworth Stadium today (3pm). The amended fixture was released after Royal saw their application to interdict the play-offs dismissed by the Johannesburg High Court at the weekend. Then the league was able to resume their play-offs schedule, with a match between Chippa and Richards Bay FC taking place in Gqeberha on Saturday. The Chilli Boys, who finished in position 15 on the DStv Premiership log, collected maximum points as they defeated Rich Boyz 2-1. However, Royal will not be taking to the field. “Which game are you talking about?” asked Mnisi. “We are not playing any game. That is the only comment I have. Our legal stance is that we are not playing. Simple.” SunSport understand that Royal AM players, who were released after the last game of the season, returned last Monday. They have tested for Covid-19 as per protocols. However, it remains to be seen if the match will take place today as Chippa boarded their flight to Durban yesterday (Monday) at 4.30pm. On Friday night, deputy judge president Roland Sutherland dismissed Royal’s application to have his initial order, which he gave last week on Saturday, reviewed in the Supreme Court of Appeal. Immediately after that, the law firm representing Royal, Mabuza Attorneys, issued a notification letter to the PSL, indicating they will now appeal against Sutherland’s order via section 17 (2) (b) of the Superior Courts Act, and they have now appealed. Royal contend that they, and not Sekhukhune United, should have gained automatic promotion into the DStv Premiership. Sekhukhune finished top of the first division after being awarded three points, and they gained automatic promotion to the top-flight. In contrast, Royal dropped to the play-offs spot. Acting PSL CEO Mato Madlala had not responded to SunSport at the time of going to print.