AMAZULU are set to pocket close to R10 million at the end of the season from the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Usuthu, who will finish in second place heading to the last game today against Maritzburg United later today (3pm), will earn R7.5 million for that finish position which is the highest in the club’s PSL history. On 4 May, Usuthu pocketed R1.5 million after winning six wins and two draws to claim the Q-3 innovation, becoming the second side from Durban to win the innovation, succeeding Golden Arrows who won Q-2. There will be an extra addition of R650000 as Benni McCarthy’s side crashed out in the Nedbank Cup last-16 at the hands of relegated side Black Leopards. In all, this achievement, which is also unparalleled in the club’s history, will see Usuthu claim R9650,000. Coach Benni McCarthy, a nominee for the Coach of the Season, said there will be an opportunity to field fringe players against provincial rivals Maritzburg at Harry Gwala Stadium who have not played much this season. This game against Maritzburg brings bad memories for AmaZulu. Maritzburg were the side that relegated them in the 2014-15 season when they lost 2-1 in the last game of that season. This time, Maritzburg desperately need points to not be drowned in the relegation play-offs. They dropped to 13th on the log table with 29 points after losing 2-0 to SuperSport United midweek. They are three points ahead of 15th placed Chippa United (26 points), who occupy the last spot for the play-offs. Chippa (-13), who host the very same SuperSport in today’s game, will need to score seven unanswered goals at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium and hope Maritzburg (-6) lose to AmaZulu 7-0 without scoring. But McCarthy, despite admitting to field fringe players which may include Bongi Ntuli, Phakamani Mahlambi and Siphiwe Tshabalala, still expects them to go out there and win the game. “Since we are clear and guaranteed of second place, this might be an opportunity to give some of the fringe players some game time since it is our last game of the season,” said McCarthy. “But this is a perfect opportunity for them to play and maybe give an opportunity to the Diski team.” Usuthu’s reserve side are high on confidence as they won the DStv Diski Challenge last weekend after they defeated Mamelodi Sundowns. 