AS TEACHERS are exposed to Covid-19 because they interact with pupils and the rest of the community on a frequent basis, they are also considered front-line workers. On Wednesday, 23 June, they were given the Johnson & Johnson jab. KZN Education MEC Kwazi Mshengu led the vaccination drive for teachers, which was launched in Pinetown District in KwaMashu, north of Durban. It was graced by Health MEC Nomagugu Simelane and teacher unions. Among the first group of teachers was Nonhlanhla Mnguni, who said she had been looking forward to the day. “I felt okay after being vaccinated. I was told that if I felt sick after three days, I should consult a doctor,” she said. A principal from a local primary school said she was happy to get vaccinated. She said because she also took medication for blood pressure, she was told not to take aspirin for two days as it would affect her badly. “I call on other teachers to vaccinate as this will help us. Most teachers at my school came with me. I can’t force those who don’t want to be vaccinated,” she said. Sadtu provincial secretary Nomarashiya Caluza said they felt that the planning of the programme was not properly done. “A number of unions were not part of the planning. In rural areas, some vaccination sectors are far away from schools, so it will be hard for teachers to get there. We feel that the running of the programme will not be smooth,” she said. The Durban National Teachers Union (Natu) regional chairwoman Phindile Mnabe encouraged all teachers to get vaccinated. She said Natu was part of the steering committee that organised the programme, so they believed everything would run smoothly. Speaking outside the centre, Mshengu said 127 000 teachers in KZN were expected to vaccinate, and that 70 centres had been opened. “Today alone, a total of about 500 teachers will be vaccinated. We call on all those who didn’t vaccinate to come as this is their period. But we are not going to force those who don’t want to,” he said. He added that they had met all unions and communicated with them about the programme, and they were happy.