THE protest against alleged racism at Cornwall Hill College has left author and activist Zulaikha Patel battling with trauma. In 2016, Zulaikha became a symbol of hope for black girls when she fought with Pretoria Girls High School management over their hair policy. Five years later, Zulaikha has revealed that she has not recovered from the high school trauma. Speaking to Newzroom Afrika, she said the issue at Cornwall Hill College has brought back all the bad memories from Pretoria Girls High School. “When I look at interviews of learners who have been violated, speaking of their trauma and pain, it takes me back because I’d found myself in that same position. “Even after matriculating I found myself battling trauma of being in such institutions. It hits home because we are not just dealing with the hair issue, but with the issue of diversity and transformation,” she said. ALSO READ: BREAKING: VETERAN ACTOR MAC MATHUNJWA DIES She said such incidents “hit home because there are no accountability structures. In 2016 the management of the school was required to write a formal apology to the black learners and black employees of the school for how they have violated our constitutional rights. In 2020 I matriculated and I’ve never had a single apology coming out of a white staff member. It was simply followed by arrogance and entitlement to the entire situation”. In an Instagram post, she wrote: “It has never been a ‘hair issue’, it is the fact that apartheid has not been fully annihilated and abolished in our country, from being constitutionalised it is now privatised and forms part of the foundation of institutions of education in the country. “We must focus on its complete eradication on a systemic level to ensure that Section 29 of the Constitution is no longer violated. The dignity, existence and constitutional rights of a Black child must be fully recognised and we can no longer make room for even the slightest violation of any of these.” Instagram users commended her for speaking up. Determined black woman said: “Thank you for being a mouthpiece for every Black girl discriminated against because of who they are. These institutions know better and this is being done on purpose. They must know we will not take this lying down. Nope. Not in 2021. Not ever again.” Sihle Mashinini commented: “Honestly think there should be a written code of conduct for teachers as well. Black children have had enough sly comments. Lethuh Mhlongo said: “The truth is when you go to township or rural area schools you will find these kinds of systems and our people have accepted them as normal, not knowing that these are the same kind of systems they were fighting from the beginning.” Zulaikha has written a book titled My Coily Crowny Hair. The book has become a best seller. A post shared by Zulaikha (?????) Patel. (@zulaikhapatel_) 