Controversial author and influencer Jackie Phamotse has ventured into children’s books. She’ll be publishing the called Liwa, three children’s books called Liwa Oh Mama It’s Red Apples, Liwa and Noel as well as Liwa and Nomfie, Chasing Sunsets. After the success of her books, the Bare series and I Tweet What I Like, Jackie is exploring a new side that’s less controversial. Accompanying the three children’s books will be an adult book also called Liwa. They’ll all be launched on 1 July. Speaking to Daily Sun, she said the children’s books aren’t that different from her usual topics. “Liwa isn’t really a change. It’s incorporating children into the conversation because the books are based on things like how to teach kids about depression, eating disorders, inappropriate behaviour from adults and how to express it. In all of my work, I tend to speak to adults or teenagers. We always forget the kids,” said Jackie. “So how do we open conversations about rape to a 10-year-old? That’s where the children’s books come from. We thought we should incorporate the topics into their genre so they understand it better and the language is user-friendly for them.” ALSO READ:BONGANI FASSIE: 'PEOPLE DON'T WANT TO WORK WITH ME' All the books are inspired by one character. “Liwa, both the adult and children’s books, are about one person. From when they were five years old all the way to when they’re 32 years old. “That’s where the adult book comes from. I took one person’s life and looked at the aspects.” Jackie said kids in South Africa are not taught about all the things mentioned in her books. “Before working on the book, I went to check most book stores and saw there weren’t any books that deal with these aspects for children, particularly black children. “The book stores said most of the books in the past years were about hair, feeling good and dreams. “And I was wondering why’re we not addressing these important issues. Why is there no meaningful literature for kids?” ALSO READ : MZANSI: MADEA PLEASE CAST REFILWE MODISELLE! The author said she wanted kids to realise they have a right to voice their opinions. “Self-actualisation is what I want kids to take most from these books. I want them to know who they are and what are they exposed to. Not only adults can have a voice. Kids have a voice and a right to express what they feel.” Jackie said with every adult book she publishes, a children’s book will accompany it. Speaking about Liwa, the adult book, she said it was inspired by her studies. Jackie is a criminology student at Unisa. “It’s a psychological criminal book about the rise of female serial killers in South Africa. Women are starting to kill a lot and no one’s talking about it. “It looks at whether women are born killers or become killers because of societal pressure.” Her books will be available at Bargain Books, Takealot, CNA and Exclusive Books.