Black Leopards will look to go out of the DStv Premiership on a high when they host Bloemfontein Celtic on the final day of the 2020/21 season at the Thohoyandou Stadium in Limpopo on Saturday. Kick-off is at 3pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Leopards’ relegation from the top-flight league was confirmed on Wednesday when they were beaten 3-1 at Cape Town City – a 17th loss of the season. Lidoda Duvha have claimed 12 points from 14 home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 2-1 win over Kaizer Chiefs late last month. "As Black Leopards, this is not the end of us as a club. We have to go down to the GladAfrica Championship. From the next game we look forward to the next season and start to regroup ahead of going down to the lower level," said Leopads co-caretaker coach Morgan Shivambu "The fighting spirit in the first half [versus City] is what we need, the 'never say die' mentality is something we will need because it is harder in the first division. The two leagues are very different so we will take it from there." Celtic’s slim hopes of making the top eight were dashed on Wednesday when they suffered a 2-0 loss to Mamelodi Sundowns. The highest the Bloemfontein club can finish is ninth. Phunya Sele Sele have claimed just eight points from 14 away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 2-1 win at Chippa United last month – their only away victory in 2020/21 thus far. "We started very slow against Sundowns and we got punished. Our decision making wasn't very good which didn't help us. We didn't do ourselves justice. Teams like Sundowns will punish you when you lose concentration. We didn't come to the party," said Celtic head coach John Maduka. "It's all about hard work, we've been working hard as a team. We try as much as we can to find the solutions to the problems that we have in the team, it's been a very difficult season but we kept on pushing and here we are." In head-to-head stats, Leopards and Celtic have met in 17 league matches since the 2004/05 season. Phunya Sele Sele have claimed seven wins compared to four for Lidoda Duvha, while six games have been drawn. The Limpopo side have won three of their eight home matches in the rivalry, suffering two defeats in the process. When the teams met earlier this season, at Dr Molemela Stadium in November 2020, Celtic claimed a 1-0 home win thanks to a second-half strike from Ndumiso Mabena. -SuperSport