EFFORTS are underway to salvage the much-needed sponsorship Swallows FC have agreed with a blue-chip telecommunications company, only for the besieged Premier Soccer League (PSL) to reject. All was set for the announcement of the shirt sponsorship by Telkom towards the end of the past season, to the extent of the parties scheduling a press conference to unveil the partnership in fanfare. The PSL then threw spanners to the much-anticipated deal, citing conflict of interest. Fans decried the move as unfair and denying the Birds a vital source of income, especially in the economic uncertainty brought by the Covid-19 scourge. The snub by the authorities emanated from the league already having deals with prime title sponsor, MultiChoice and MTN. Both companies, like Telkom, are in the telecommunications sector. CAJ News Africa is reliably informed that the reborn Dube Birds, who finished the past campaign a credible sixth in their maiden year back in the topflight, retain hope that an agreement can be reached. Telkom, the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) – listed firm, is also pinning its hopes on these sensitive negotiations reaching a breakthrough. Mooketsi Mocumi, executive: group communication at Telkom, confirmed the organisation’s position in a response to an enquiry by CAJ News Africa. “We are aware that Swallows FC is still in discussions with the PSL and we remain confident that the club and the PSL will find a solution that is beneficial to all parties,” the executive stated. Mocumi did not delve deeper into the delicate discussions, stating: “We are unable to give further details and await the decision of the PSL.” Swallows remain tight-lipped on discussions with the PSL regarding the sponsorship. “The CEO (Sipho Xulu) said ‘no comment’ at this stage,” said Elasto Kapowezha, the Swallows manager. Without a shirt sponsor, Swallows have been sporting the “Bawhiti” banner, in a pro-bono arrangement with the Bahwiti Investments, the automotive repair and maintenance firm owned by club chairman, David Mogashoa. English sportswear apparel firm, Umbro is Swallows’ kit supplier. – CAJ News