A WOMAN who was burnt to death, allegedly by her boyfriend on Wednesday, 23 June, had a fiance who had paid lobola for her. Nonhlanhla Radebe (33) from Emazabekweni in Ixopo, KZN south coast, succumbed to her burn injuries in hospital on Thursday. This after her boyfriend allegedly locked her inside a shack in Fairview squatter camp and set it alight. The information was revealed by other dwellers who rescued her from the burning shack. The boyfriend allegedly poured petrol and set the shack alight shortly after an altercation with the dead woman. She was rescued by neighbours who heard her crying for help. She was then rushed to hospital with serious burn injuries, but died the following day. Her mother Lahliwe Radebe (66) said they only discovered that she had a boyfriend after the tragedy. “It was new information to us because all along, we knew she had a fiance who paid lobola for her. That’s the only man we knew as her family,” said Lahliwe. She said that the fiance has not bothered coming to express his condolences to the family following Nonhlanhla’s death. She also pleaded with police to arrest the suspect as the incident left them traumatised. “It’s something that we’ve only heard of from afar. We never thought it would one day happen to us. We urge the police to arrest the suspect and lock him behind bars,” said Lahliwe. When the SunTeam asked for the fiance’s contact number, family members advised Lahliwe not to give them out, and said they had no photo of the dead woman. She said that it had been two years since Nonhlanhla started living in Fairview squatter camp as it was closer to her workplace. MEC for Social Development Nonhlanhla Khoza said: “We wish the family strength during this difficult time. Our police have to work day and night to ensure that the alleged perpetrator is found so he can face the law. He killed a human being in a horrible manner, and should never be let off the hook.” KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said: “An inquest docket is being investigated by Ixopo police. On 24 June at 10.30am, the police received a complaint of a woman who had died in hospital. Upon arrival, police found that she had died from burn injuries. Circumstances are still being investigated. We appeal to anyone who might have information to contact the police or CrimeStop on 08600 10111.”