A COP at Mangaung Police Station will soon answer to a case of assault. This after he allegedly slapped a police union member in Bloemfontein. Daily Sun published the story Cop klaps union leader on 10 June. A video of the incident had surfaced and the case against the cop, who members said was a bully, was opened. Popcru and Sapu demanded action to be taken against him. A cop, who wished to remain anonymous, said two officers were misusing their powers at the station. “We have a female station commander and male top cop, who is her assistant. The commander is apparently friends with the provincial commander. When we report the matter, it could be swept under the carpet. We are being bullied by two people who think they own the cop shop. More than half the staff members are not happy working under them,” the cop said. The chaos started when the station commander locked the station gates to prevent cops from parking their cars in the premises. Sapu’s secretary Morui Mphou said one of the senior cops then said a parking fee of R70 or R80 should be paid. Mphou told Daily Sun: “A case of assault has been opened against the senior cop. But he counter-opened a case against the union member, claiming that he twisted and injured his arm. An apology will not be enough. We want a dismissal. The commander has to account to both departmental and criminal charges. When they say a parking fee should be paid and at the same time say no private cars allowed, that’s a contradiction. The commander is arrogant and we will be meeting with the provincial commissioner to see that he is dealt with.” Popcru’s secretary Chakale Mahlatsi said continuous harassments, victimisation as well as threats of charges and dismissals upon junior officers were becoming a norm that could no longer be tolerated. “Many such incidents have been witnessed, including at Mangaung Police Station, where management deliberately locked out officers without justification. Popcru Free State demands immediate action against these seniors, more so the station commander,” she said. Ipid spokeswoman Ndileka Cola confirmed the case against the top cop. “I can confirm that we are investigating the common assault case as mandated by the Ipid Act. No arrests have been made as Ipid is busy with investigations.”