STELLENBOSCH FC coach Steve Barker reckons the Premier Soccer League (PSL) is not ready for some of the young talents he intends to unleash next season. Stellies, who managed to hang on for dear life in the top flight last season, will be much stronger and more competitive next season. This is according to their mentor Barker, who insists that they have taken some valuable lessons from their struggles. The 56-year-old tactician believes he already has a secret weapon for next season, which had been hidden in plain sight all along. Barker has tipped some of his youngsters at the club to take the league by storm next season. Players such as Jayden Adams, Azeemud-deen Brenner, Ibraheem Jabaar, Solly Khunyedi, and Keegan Pool are expected to shine next season. “We are encouraged by next season,” said Barker. “We have a lot of leaders who are extremely experienced, but I believe South Africa is going to be shocked and surprised by some of the young talents that we have at this club. “Some of them did not get a solid chance this past season, but they have a lot to offer in the near future. “There is no doubt that this club has a bright future. I’m looking forward to unleashing some of these young talents next season and giving them the opportunity that they deserve.” Barker admitted that the past season did not go according to plan and he hopes that his side improves next season having survived relegation by the skin of their teeth. Stellies barely avoided going to the playoffs, finishing in 14th spot with 29 points from their 30 matches. The Cape Winelands outfit was only two points clear of Chippa United, who finished second from bottom and is headed to the play-offs. “We have been through some difficult times through the season with more downs than ups,” admitted Barker. “The latter part of the season was especially tough. We had to fight for everything that we had worked so hard to build in our two seasons in the top flight. It was really a tough and indifferent season. We now need to go back and reflect. They always say that the second season in the top flight is the toughest and we found that to be the case. “But we walk away with plenty of lessons and we have promised to never put ourselves in that position again.”