COACH Clinton Larsen is going back home to coach ABC Motsepe League side Summerfield Dynamos. The former Bloemfontein Celtic and Maritzburg United mentor shocked many when he accepted the offer to coach in the third tier of South African football. Larsen told SunSport that he had offers from clubs in the GladAfrica Championship but weren’t good enough for him to accept. The 50-year-old said it was better to join the Durban side who are based in Chartsworth, which is close to his family. Larsen left Bizana Pondo Chiefs at the end of this past season after the Eastern Cape outfit couldn’t save its status, in what was the club’s only season in the Championship. “I got a few offers in Glad but they weren’t worthwhile for me to leave home to go and coach outside of Durban,” said Larsen. “So I decided I’d rather stay at home and be with my family because we have the issue of Covid-19, so it is a difficult time for everyone. “Instead I decided to come here and be in Chartsworth, the place that is close to my heart and it is exciting project.” Having started as a head coach in the PSL top flight with Celtic in 2010, then Maritzburg, Celtic again, Golden Arrows, Chippa United and Polokwane City, he was in charge of 291 PSL games in total. At Celtic, in his first spell, he helped them win the Telkom Knockout in the 2012-13 season when they defeated Mamelodi Sundowns 1-0 in his home city of Durban. He also had a great season with Arrows whom he led in the top eight and also the Nedbank Cup semis in the 2016-17 season. He was the first to win the PSL Coach of the Month in that campaign, and it was the same in the following season which Arrows went top of the table momentarily. But he was let go in December 2018, before resurfacing at Chippa in the following month. He saved the EC club in that season from the relegation zone. But after things didn’t work in the 2019-20 season, he was fired by the trigger happy chairman Siviwe Mpengesi. He then went to coach Polokwane but unfortunately the club was relegated in the same season of 2019-20 in the bio bubble in Gauteng, where the Limpopo side didn’t win a single match. He then joined Bizana in March this year this past season, but it was little too late as they were relegated to the Motsepe League. With Dynamos set to play at Chartsworth Stadium, it brings good memories for Larsen. He won the league title in the 1996-97 season with Manning Rangers, the first league under the PSL banner as a player. “It is a place that is close to my heart because I spent 11 years with Manning Rangers,” he said.