ALMOST a year ago a woman from Mtwalume, on the KZN South Coast, vanished without a trace. Her family in Qoloqolo Village are hoping to find her body so they can give her a dignified burial. Nozipho Myende (30) left home for work on 3 August 2020 and until today has never returned. Her brother Sandile Myende (36) told Daily Sun they noticed after a week she was missing. “The reason we realised a week later was because she left for work in Turton. A domestic worker, she stayed there and would come home at the end of the month,” said Sandile. “I’d called on her cellphone but couldn’t get hold of her. I then contacted her employers who said she hadn’t arrived at work.” He said they told him she’d left on 30 July and was supposed to come back on 3 August but didn’t. “I then told them she did arrive home but left on 3 August. They said she never arrived on that day. That’s when I started panicking. “I was worried something might have happened to her as women have been found dead in Mtwalume. I went to report her missing at the police station, and she still hasn’t been found.” On 12 August, a decomposed body of a woman was found in the bush. “We went to see the body but it wasn’t my sister’s. I don’t know what happened to her. Several missing women in our area were found and buried,” he said. “The last body to be found was that of a burnt woman, and we couldn’t see whether it was my sister or not. Police took DNA samples last year but they’ve never given us the results.” He said the family didn’t have hope finding Nozipho alive because two suspects had been arrested for the discovery of the five dead women. “We were told by police one of the suspects was found with Nozipho’s bag and cellphone. But he killed himself in the holding cells,” he said. All they wanted was to find her body so they could bury her. Five women – Nelisiwe Dube (22), Nosipho Gumede (16), Akhona Gumede (25), Zama Chiliza (38) and an unknown one – have been found dead since last March. Two suspects were expected to appear in court on Monday, but that didn’t happen because one killed himself and the other was released due to lack of evidence. Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that a missing persons docket was opened. “The matter is still under investigation pending DNA results,” said Gwala.