MEDIA personality and dancer Zodwa Wabantu is now a born-again Christian. She accepted Jesus on her way to a Bloemfontein gig. According to Zodwa’s Instagram post, she met the pastor at a Fourways garage and he offered to pray for her. In a video clip, the pastor can be seen leading her into a salvation prayer. “Father God, in the mighty name of Jesus I accept Jesus as my Lord and personal saviour. Lord I love you and I appreciate you. Thank you for what you are doing in my life, in Jesus’ mighty name I pray, Amen. He loves you,” Zodwa recites after the pastor. She captioned the clip: “Fourways garage. We were both filling up. He said: ‘Can I pray for you?’ I don’t know him. Is it God trying to say something or God is everywhere – a sign of spiritual power within me? Talk to me.” ALSO READ: DEBORAH FRASER PAYS TRIBUTE TO PASTOR TB JOSHUA Her friends and fans only had good things to say. Alsen Jophius said: “What you have just said/declared with your mouth is called a salvation prayer. You are now born-again. You are a child of God. The angels are now celebrating in heaven because you have been added into the Kingdom of God. Hallelujah.” Stella Nkosi added: “God loves u. People will judge but God is your provider and protector. Noma bangathini, Modimo ona le wena.” Bongi Mbombo-Ngema also commented: “You are saved now mzalwane.” Zodwa told Daily Sun that she felt lighter after the prayer. “I was on my way to a gig in Bloemfontein. As I was at the garage, he just approached me and offered to pray for me. I think I was mentally and psychologically ready for that special prayer because I felt lighter afterwards. I strongly believe that God is trying to guide me to a certain direction. I might not understand it now, but I can feel that God is using me in an extraordinary way,” she said. She added that being born-again did not mean she was going to change her ways. “I am still the same Zodwa Wabantu. People shouldn’t expect me to act like an angel because that’s not the case. I’m still going to drink my alcohol and wear as little as possible because that’s my job. But I shall keep my heart pure. I shall remain humble and share with the poor because I know it is by God’s grace that I’m where I am. This also doesn’t mean I’m a member of any particular church. But I’ll certainly be in touch with the pastor for spiritual guidance,” she said. Zodwa explained that she was still attending the rehab and it was going to take her three months to complete the whole program. "I still attend sessions that are designed for me. I'm glad because the rehab center understands my work and schedule and I don't feel pressurized to quit alcohol. But I'm proud to say I've reduced my alcohol intake and I'm happy with the results. This does not mean I'm quitting alcohol, I'm merely reducing alcohol intake," she said.