KAIZER Chiefs interim coach Arthur Zwane says “it is now or never for them” because they might not participate in the Caf Champions League football next season. Zwane says everything is in their hands and they will have to beat Wydad Athletic Club whom they host in the Champions League second-leg semi-final at FNB Stadium on Saturday (6pm). The Soweto giants finished disappointingly eighth in the DStv Premiership log table this past season and if they don’t win this season’s Champions League, then they won’t form part of the Caf premier’s club competition next season. Amakhosi hold the slender lead heading to the second leg against one of the top sides on the continent in Soweto after stunning the 2017 champions in Morocco 1-0 via the strike by Samir Nurkovic. Chiefs are seeking to join Orlando Pirates (1995, 2013) and Mamelodi Sundowns (2016) to reach the Champions League final and if they display the fearless approach as they did in the first leg, their chances are big to follow these two giants. “Everyone is positive about this one and for us, it is more of a situation that I can say it is now or never because you never know what is going to happen as you know that we finished eighth on the table,” said Zwane, who was part of Chiefs side that won the Mandela Cup, now the Confederation Cup, 20 years ago. “Next season we might not have this opportunity to participate again in this competition. So we’ll give our best shot and make sure we come up tops and represent the country again next season.” To see Chiefs in this stage of the competition might sound surreal looking at no one giving them a chance to reach this stage of the Champions League. They struggled domestically and at some point, they were on course to miss out on the top eight spot for the fourth time in their PSL history. However, the club decided to part ways with the struggling coach Gavin Hunt late last month, handing the job to Zwane to work alongside Dillion Sheppard, who was brought in by Hunt at the beginning of the season, as caretakers. The duo won both the last two league matches which were enough to see Chiefs finish in the top eight. Chiefs then appointed Stuart Baxter earlier this month. But the former Bafana coach cannot be in the dugout as he’s waiting for his work permit, and Zwane alongside Sheppard will be on the bench once again. Zwane credits his boys for turning things around. “At some point, we had doubts because the results were not forthcoming but participating and going as far as the semi-finals, that alone tells you that we are a good team,” he said. “It might be a fluke to others, but the fact is the boys did everything. We are playing against one the best teams on the continent and we still believe we can get the desired results and go to the final.”