THE Zulu royal
house internal divisions continued as they performed cleansing rituals to end
the official mourning period for the late king Zwelithini leading to new king
coronation. From Wednesday to Friday, the  Zulu royal family started to perform cleansing rituals where the late
king Zwelithini wives set aside their mourning dresses and the  late king Zwelithini’s
weapon’s (spear and shield) were washed. Zulu monarch
traditional Prime Minister Prince Mangosuthu told DailySun that members of the
royal house were ordered to not perform the cleansing ritual of king
Zwelithini’s weapons because king Misuzulu was not  part of it because he
was ill with flu. Buthelezi had a
media briefing at KwaKhangelamankengane royal palace in Nongoma, KZN. “Unfortunately,
king Misuzulu subsequently became indisposed which drew these dates into
question. I was surprised that a decision had been taken to go ahead with the
cleansing ceremony in the absence of the king. “This created a
serious problem, as part of the ceremonies following the passing of a king is  the washing of the king’s weapons. There is no way that this can take
place when the heir himself is not present, there is no one else qualified
to take the king’s weapon to be cleansed in his absence” he said. Buthelezi said
the king called him telling him that he was angry that his other royal house
members performed the cleansing ceremony of his father’s weapons without him. “We will wait
for the king to recover from the flu. He will give us a date where hunters will
go and hunt a wild animal to perform the official ritual of king Zwelithini’s
weapon by his heir King Misuzulu. He said on
their side as th royal house they are ready for king Misuzulu's coronation because
they have sent the meeting minutes. “We are waiting
for them but I assume they take their time because there is more throne
contestation but king Misuzulu is already on the throne. “We cannot run
away from the elephant in the room in the royal house as there are many
rebels. It has come to my attention that Princess Nombuso from king
Zwelithini’s first wife, will host the meeting and media briefing at
KwaKhethomthandayo royal palace. “I want to make
it clear that I don’t know about that meeting and media briefing and even the
king and Queen Mother Mayvis Zungu-Zulu knows nothing about it” he said. Meanwhile it
was the last day for the respondent to file their affidavit at Pietermaritzburg
high court after king Zwelithini’s first wife queen Sibongile Dlamini-Zulu and
her two daughters applied for king Misuzulu coronation to be set aside.