BLACK Leopards interim coach, Morgan Shivambu, says they’re ready to deal with whatever Cape Town City’s new mentor Eric Tinkler will throw at them. The toothless Leopards are hoping to use this penultimate DStv Premiership clash to increase their chances of avoiding relegation. The battle ground for this match is at Cape Town Stadium on Wednesday afternoon (5pm). Shivambu is aware they cannot afford defeat in their two remaining matches if they know what’s good for them, and if they still value their PSL status. Lidoda Duvha will wrap up their fixture schedule with a date against Bloemfontein Celtic at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday. Leopards are rooted to the basement of the table on 22 points from 28 matches – three points behind second bottom Chippa United and five behind Stellenbosch FC. Victory in both matches could throw a lifeline to David Thidiela’s side in their quest to ditch the dreaded axe, or a chance to get a second bite in the relegation/promotion play-offs. But that will depend on the outcome of the Chilli Boys and Stellies’ remaining games. The Venda-based side will approach the match with their heads held up high after beating Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs 2-1, which resulted in their coach Gavin Hunt being fired. Said Shivambu: “We know that when we played Chiefs everyone was eager to win the match. It helped to motivate players since we had not won in a long time. “We respect Cape Town City, but we can’t say because we beat Chiefs then everything will go well. “We need three points considering that one won’t help us survive relegation.” However, Shivambu knows that the Citizens players will go all out to impress Tinkler in their bid to secure their jobs. The former Bafana Bafana midfielder replaced Jan Olde Riekerink who was shown the door following a string of poor results. Explained Shivambu: “A new coach always motivates players, even those on the bench want to show him that they can play. “Nobody wants to relax. We know Tinkler. He will want to play and when we outsmart them, he will prefer second or long balls. “If he plays carpet football, we know how to stop them.” Lidoda Duvha will play without their influential veteran striker Rodney Ramagalela, who is still recovering from a knee injury. But the good news for Leopards fans is that Zambian midfielder Roderick Kabwe is available for selection after he fully recovered from a hamstring injury.