THE public protector’s office says it will initiate contempt proceedings against Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize. This follows his failure, on three occasions, to honour a subpoena. “Dr Mkhize was subpoenaed to give evidence and produce documents concerning an investigation into allegations of undue delay and/or failure by the National Department of Health to implement the recommendations of the Report of the Clinical Associate National Task Team 2017,” read the statement. Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane explained that, unlike an ordinary investigation meeting request, a subpoena carried with it legal implications. She said witnesses were obliged to comply with its provisions or face legal consequences “It is critical for state functionaries to understand that compliance with our investigations is not optional. No less than the Constitution of the republic enjoins other organs of state to support and assist the public protector to ensure the institution’s independence, impartiality, dignity and effectiveness,” she said. ALSO READ: HOSPITAL CUTS OFF MADALA’S WRONG LEG! The public protector is investigating a complaint by Sanele Ngcobo, a clinical associate and the general-secretary of the Professional Association of Clinical Associates of South Africa. He wants the health department to implement the recommendations of the Clinical Associates Task Team Report. Clinical Associates are mid-level healthcare workers who work under the supervision of medical doctors, caring for patients. In most cases, they work in disadvantaged and rural areas. Ngcobo alleges the introduction of the Clinical Associates profession into the South African health system came about because of recommendations contained in the Pick Report for Human Health Resources in 2001. According to him, these recommendations were endorsed by the former minister of health, the late Dr Manto Tshabalala-Msimang. Meanwhile, the DA has opened a criminal case against Dr Mkhize over the Digital Vibes debacle.