DISGRUNTLED Royal AM pulled a no show AGAIN in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) promotion/ relegation playoffs against Richards Bay FC at Chatsworth Stadium on Thursday. This was supposed to be the third playoffs match. However, Royal did not even arrive at the stadium on the day as the club bosses have said on Wednesday. Their opponents, Rich Boyz, took the field for their away match‚ only for the referee Victor Hlungwani to signal the game over before the match started‚ blowing to signal a no-show from Royal. On Tuesday, when they were supposed to face Chippa United, Royal arrived at the venue, but they left before kick-off time after the management advised them to leave. The playoffs got underway last Saturday in Gqeberha, where Chippa boosted their chances of saving their top-flight status with a 2-1 win over Bay. National Soccer League (NSL) Rules states that: 15.2. Where a match is not played because of the late or non-arrival of a Member Club team‚ or both teams‚ the offending Member Club or Member Clubs will be charged with misconduct. In this regard, impossibility of performance as a result of a vehicle breakdown‚ logistical problem‚ or that the Member Club team was unable to locate the match venue‚ will not be a defence to this charge. 15.3. Where a Member Club is found guilty in terms of Rule 15.2, its opponent in that match will receive a “walk-over” (a 3-0 (three-nil) win)‚ unless the Disciplinary Committee considers that a different sanction may be more appropriate. In this case, Chippa are now leading the three teams mini-league with six points after two matches. Rich Boyz are second with three points following yesterday's walk-over, while Royal remains at the third spot without a point. Royal are contesting the ruling of Judge Roland Sutherland, who upheld a Safa Arbitration decision, which awarded Sekhukhune three points after they played their game against Polokwane City under protest, after their neighbours Rise and Shine failed to include five Under-23 players on their team, going against the rules of the Championship. The three points awarded to Sekhukhune saw the club ending up on top of the Championship table with 53 points, while Royal AM finished in second place with 51 – meaning they will have to fight their way into South Africa’s top-flight league in the playoffs.