ROYAL AM are launching another court battle to have the PSL enforce Acting Judge Nyathi’s order, which declared that the actions of the PSL to remove them from the top of the GladAfrica Championship was unlawful, and they should be reinstated. According to the club’s Head of Legal, Happy Godi, they will be submitting documents to the Johannesburg High Court on Wednesday to demand Judge Nyathi’s order be enforced by the PSL. Godi said according to Judge Nyathi’s order, they are still number one at the top of national first division log, and should not be playing in the currently underway play-offs, but instead, Sekhukhune United should be there. Explains Godi: “Judge Nyathi gave judgment that the conduct of the PSL is inconsistent with the constitution and PAJA (Promotion of Administrative Justice Act). “And when something is inconsistent with the constitution, then it’s unlawful and invalid. He also suspended the play-offs, pending the finalisation of leave to appeal and/or appeal. “Then the PSL still wanted to continue with the play-offs despite the court order, in contempt of the court order. They have their own way of interpreting it. But we as Royal AM believe they are wrong in their interpretation. “If there’s a declarator that says the removal of Royal AM from number one to number two ‘is inconsistent with the constitution’ therefore it’s invalid. “Therefore, that means the PSL’s action is suspended and cannot be allowed to stand. They should be having Sekhukhune in the play-offs fixtures, as per the order. “That is the standing order of the court, and remember, that is standing unchallenged, either by the PSL or anyone. That means the status quo remains before the unlawful conduct of the PSL.” The PSL Executive Committee on 17 June sought leave to appeal against the order handed down by Judge Nyathi on 14 June 2021. “Acting Judge Nyathi interdicted the end of season promotion/relegation play-offs that were due to commence...” the league said in a statement. “The PSL has been compelled to seek urgent relief as the last day of the official season is 30 June 2021. Many player contracts terminate on that date and any further delay in completing the play-offs places the start of the 2021/22 season at risk.” Meanwhile, Chippa United are set to collect another three points at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Wednesday afternoon as they were scheduled to face defiant Royal AM, who will not honour the fixture. “We want the PSL to implement the order of Judge Nyathi because they are not appealing the judgment,” added Godi. “They have since said they will appeal the judgment but has since abandoned that. They brought the application in terms of Section 80 with the application sought to suspend Nyathi’s judgment. That application has since been withdrawn by the PSL.” Godi said the underway “play-off matches are a nullity”. “Those matches will not be recognised,” added Godi. He said they are still waiting for the Supreme Court of Appeal in Bloemfontein to afford them a date in which they will put their facts on the table.