COULD we be witnessing a paradigm shift in Caf Champions League football? Are South African teams finally matching the North African powerhouses in a competition the latter have dominated for decades now? At least some fans in Mzansi are starting to believe so, seeing as Kaizer Chiefs defy the odds to ensure the SA flag continues to fly in the biggest stage of continental club football. In fact, we could be having two teams in the semi-finals, had Mamelodi Sundowns overcame the pesky Al Ahly. However, I’m not yet sold on the Amakhosi’s fairytale run. One swallow doesn’t make a summer. It will take one odd good run from the Soweto giants to break the stranglehold that established North African teams have on Caf club competitions, let alone entrench themselves in the top-eight list on the continent. But it’s good to see the playing fields finally being levelled, thanks in no small parts to Video Assistant Refereeing (VAR). The introduction of VAR in African football has been long overdue. And anyone who still has reservations over the use of VAR technology would need to watch the game between Chiefs and Wydad Athletic. Chiefs lead the semi-final tie 1-0 going into the second leg in Joburg this weekend. But it would not be the case had Samir Nurkovic’s goal been chalked off. The assistant referee was way behind the play Nurkovic latched onto Njabulo Blom’s cross and thundered into the Wydad net for the crucial away goal, before an assistant referee, who scurrying behind the play, shamelessly put his offside flag up. Nurkovic called for VAR which validated his goals and vindicated him. He even said afterwards: “It is important (VAR) because there will be less cheating.” The whole scene took me back to explosive clash between Orlando Pirates and TP Mazembe in Kinshasa a few years back, and many incidents of blatant cheating. For the longest time, SA teams have suffered at the hands of Ntambindila wa Ntambindelas and many compromised officials. African football has been tainted by dubious refereeing. Cameroonian officials were “moered” by irate fans in Dakar last month. But whether or not Amakhosi go all the way and win the tournament, the Nurkovic moment will always be remembered as a turning point in the fight against unfair and bias refereeing. It was as monumental as Chiefs winning in North Africa. Who knows, perhaps more local teams will be encouraged to take Caf tourneys much more seriously now that they have a fair chance.