THE DStv Premiership promotion/relegation play-offs are going ahead with Chippa United scheduled to host Richards Bay FC at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium today (3pm). This is the new scheduling that has been released by the PSL on its website who said Chippa, who finished 15th in the DStv Premiership this past season, will host Richards Bay, who finished third in the GladAfrica Championship. The first match of this mini-league was supposed to have been played on Tuesday when Bay hosted Royal AM at Umhlathuze Sports Ground. But Royal approached the high court to get an order to interdict the play-offs, resulting in the play-offs being suspended. This is because the KwaZulu-Natal club are legally pushing ahead that they are the rightful champions of the GladAfrica Championship after they initially finished top of the table. However, the PSL declared Sekhukhune United, who initially finished second on the table as the champions after judge Roland Sutherland of the Gauteng High Court dismissed the review application of Polokwane City last Saturday. But Royal president Shauwn Mkhize was left furious, approaching the high court to interdict the play-offs. The order was granted by acting judge Nyathi of Gauteng High Court on Monday evening. But the PSL has since challenged Nyathi’s order to interdict the play-offs, revealing in a statement on Tuesday they are compelled to seek urgent relief as the official season has to end on 30 June because most player contracts expire then. The league added that any further delay in completion of the play-offs will complicate the start of 2021-22 season. “The Executive Committee of the Premier Soccer League (PSL) today resolved to urgently seek leave to appeal against the order handed down by the Honourable Mr Acting Judge Nyathi of the Gauteng High Court on the evening of Monday 14 June 2021,” said the league statement. “Acting Judge Nyathi interdicted the end of season promotion/relegation play-offs that were due to commence at 3pm on 15 June 2021. The PSL has been compelled to seek urgent relief as the last day of the official season is the 30th of June 2021. “Many player contracts terminate on that date and any further delay in completing the play-offs places the start of the 2021/22 season at risk.” It is not clear if the PSL was granted the leave to appeal the court’s decision of interdicting the play-offs. When SunSport approached Royal AM for comment, no one was available to answer their calls. It remains to be seen whether the club will honour their fixture against Chippa on Sunday, as they maintain that they are rightful GladAfrica Championship champions for 2020-21 season.