DJ Shimza and Heavy K have put DJ Maphorisa in his place. Madumane had expressed his wish for the DJs to play piano as “it would mean a lot to the amapiano movement.” In his Facebook post, he wrote: “I wish Shimza, Heavy K le Bo Black Coffee badlale amapiano. It will mean a lot for the movement ya amapiano.” But his wish was quickly crushed as both Heavy K and Shimza made it clear they will not be dancing to his tune. Heavy K responded and wrote: “Me I can handle both house and amapiano, Porry. It marks 10 years of Heavy K this year and I’ll be introducing my other production strong points. It’s necessary for me. To my day-one fans, I’ll never leave you behind but allow me to experiment.” DJ Shimza told Maphorisa that he won’t be jumping onto amapiano either. He said: “We can’t all do the same thing because we all have different goals and paths in our careers, ma brother. You guys are doing perfectly fine without us and it’s amazing to watch from the outside! Keep going! We here to support.” ALSO READ| VETERAN ACTOR MAC MATHUNJWA DIES Their decision to stick to their chosen genres was commended by their fans. Lerato Pro Choice commented: “Don’t do that. I really hate it when musicians do this. Remember when South African artists started singing with a Nigerian accent because Nigerian music was big here at that time? It was really weird and annoying. Nigerian artists were being authentic and true to themselves and their sound. We jumped on it because it was different and appealing. Hearing South African artists also wanting to make that their sound was really uncomfortable to hear. So experiment within the house genre. We can’t have all DJs jumping onto amapiano. We love house still hle eish.” Lebogang Mokgala commented: “The next thing you’ll tell them to come and consult with you before releasing tracks. Not taking anything from you, o star mfanaka and rago verstan blind maar those names are big. Be humble before the industry humbles you.” Reatlegile Makhubela said: “House music doesn’t revolve around piano. Mot everyone appreciates it. Some of us are old school and are hardcore deep house lovers. So let house music remain broad.