THE Special Investigating Unit has frozen R22 million of the money paid to Digital Vibes and individuals who benefited from the tender. This after the unit went to court in a move to recover some of the R150 million that was paid to the company that is owned by associates of Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize, who has been on special leave after the scandal broke out. Unit spokesman Kaiser Kganyago said they are hoping to hand over the report of the investigation to President Cyril Ramaphosa by the end of the month. Kganyago said the unit has moved to approach the court last week to ensure that the money is not moved from any of the accounts until the investigators are done with their job. “With this particular order the money that we are freezing that we found on those accounts is only R22 million. You will remember that the total amount of this contract is R150 million and we just have to wait for the end of the investigation so that we are able to know where this money went to. “Like we always do, we will follow the money and make sure that if there is any money that is lost by mistake, we will make sure that it is recovered,” said Kganyago, adding that the unit will approach the special tribunal to set aside the awarding of the contract. He said the contract was not awarded in a fair manner and due process was not followed. ALSO READ: TWO SUSPECTS SHOT DEAD! In the grantee order, the court has ordered that the parties should abide by the rules as set out in accordance with the Special Tribunal rules. “The SIU approached the Special Tribunal for a preservation order/interdict to freeze the accounts following an investigation into allegations of unlawful and/or irregular procurement of Covid-19 communication services by the department. “The SIU will launch review proceedings in the Special Tribunal within the next 30 working days, and also seek an order against Digital Vibes and other relevant entities/individuals to pay back all financial losses suffered by the state as a consequence of the appointment of Digital Vibes by the department,” said the unit.