HE allegedly arranged a hit on a fellow taxi boss last week. Now residents from Bhukhanana outside Empangeni, northern KZN want him and his family gone from the area. They allegedly torched his Hyundai H1 on Wednesday, 2 June. According to a source from Bhukhanana Taxi Association, residents told the family they didn’t want any of their taxis to operate in the area after what the taxi boss did to his fellow colleague. “The family took away the rest of the taxis, but left the H1, which continued to transport pupils. We suspect this didn’t sit well with the residents,” said the source. He said the taxi boss was nabbed by cops on Monday, 31 May, hiding at KwaMashu Hostel. “He was unwell due to injuries he sustained when the getaway car he and the hitmen were travelling in overturned. “I think he did not want to go to hospital because he feared it would be easy to get caught,” said the source. ALSO READ:
ZODWA WABANTU TAKING CARE OF THE DEAD On Thursday, 27 May, Daily Sun reported that the taxi boss was allegedly transporting two hitmen to carry out a hit on his fellow taxi boss. The hitmen successfully shot and killed the other taxi boss before the three sped off in a getaway car. But they were chased by police and their car overturned, injuring the hitmen. The taxi boss managed to flee, leaving behind his cellphones and ID in the car. ALSO READ:
HEAVY K, SHIMZA WON’T DANCE TO MAPHORISA’S PIANO! Xolani Nsele (34), a family member of the dead taxi boss, said they were happy cops arrested the third suspect. “We thank our ancestors that the car they were travelling in was involved in an accident, causing the suspects to get injured and confess to killing our loved one. We can’t wait for justice,” said Xolani. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele said the third suspect (35) appeared in court on Wednesday, 2 June and was kept in jail until 10 June. She said that a case of malicious damage to property was opened at Ntambanana Police Station for investigation. “A vehicle which belonged to the suspect was allegedly set alight on Wednesday by unknown people. The matter is still under investigation,” said Mbele.