THE talking outside the ring is done and it’s time for the boxers to back it up inside the roped square. The stage has been set for the much-anticipated TLB Promotions tournament dubbed “The Night of Honor and Passion” set to take place in Soweto tomorrow. The boxing extravaganza, put together by boxing promoter Joyce Kungwane, will be part of the commemorations for Youth month. This as the country continues to look back on the Soweto Uprising, which took place on 16 June 1976, where thousands of students were ambushed and massacred by the apartheid regime. The six-bout boxing spectacle will be housed at the DOCC/YMCA in Orlando East where the late great former President Nelson Mandela used to train as an amateur boxer. The main bout will see former IBO Lightweight champion Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni face Zimbabwean Peter “The Sniper” Pambeni for the vacant WBA Pan African Junior Welterweight title Ndongeni, who has only lost two and won 27 out of his 29 fights, with 15 of those coming through the short route (KO), has talked a big game and will be expected to produce the goods. “The people want to see a good fight and that’s what I intend to deliver,” said the 31-year-old. “And I’m sure that’s the mentality that all the boxers in the bill will be taking to the ring. I might be the one lucky enough to be headlining but I know that other top fighters in that bill could easily headline the tournament. as well.” And one of those fighters is Athenkosi Dumezweni, who battles Malawian Aubrey Masamba in a Junior Bantamweight battle. Dumezweni, who has been training alongside Ndongeni for this fight, is looking for redemption after he lost by TKO to Argentine Fernando Daniel Martinez in his last fight. “I’m still recovering from that defeat,” said Dumezweni. “This is a good opportunity for me to get back to winning ways. I don’t like to talk too much. I just prefer to let my fists do the talking.” In the other supporting bout, Matshidiso “The Tiger” Mokebisi and Bonita Van Jaarsveldt will square off in a female lightweight battle scheduled for nine rounds.