Just hours after a family meeting denying the existence of the Tembisa 10. The mother of the babies Gosiame Sithole has spoken out. She has revealed that she will not disclose the whereabouts of her babies to her boyfriend's family because they never liked her. She further said that she shocked by the statement released by the Tsotetsi family and revealed that her, and the babies are being punished for her doings. She said this in several videos that were posted by Pretoria News Editor Piet Rampedi. Even though she has come out to say that she is safe and has delivered the babies, many are still questioning if her story still stands as there is no proof. Some even went as far as to say that she does not look like some who had just given birth. Earlier today the Tsotetsi family released a statement and said that they met to discuss a report from Gosiame Sithole's boyfriend, Tebogo Tsotetsi, who revealed that he has not seen the decuplets and he relied on his girlfriend who called to inform him of their birth. According to the family Tebogo has made attempts to visit his girlfriend and the babies, but she has failed to disclose her whereabouts and the condition of their babies. They said this has led to them concluding that there are no decuplets born between Tebogo Tsotetsi and Gosiame Sithole, until proven otherwise and wishes to apologise for any inconvenience and embarrassment. "The current uncertainties and public discourse about the decuplets are of major concern to the family, especially in the absence of any proof of the decuplets existence other than telephonic and WhatAapp messages from the mother," said the family. In a statement, the South African National Editors’ Forum calls on the management of Independent Media to urgently institute an independent inquiry, led by an expert in media ethics to investigate how this story was investigated, reported and responded to by Rampedi and his colleagues. This comes after Rampedi broke the story about Gosiamo Sithole who gave birth to decuplets, who're still missing in action. The mother has only communicated with Rampedi and other journalists still don't have access to her. SANEF stated that Rampedi never saw the babies or had proof of their birth, but solely relied on WhatsApp messages between Sithole and Tsotetsi to report as fact that they were born. SANEF stated that this is reckless and irresponsible journalism of the highest order. SANEF will continue to promote ethical and credible journalism through training, workshops and interactions with newsrooms and editors across the county. #Sithole says while she was in touch with Tsotetsi today, he never told her about the statement except that he was scheduled to a minister. When she confronted her husband, he said he claimed he had nothing to do with it. pic.twitter.com/lT0QTPTrfN  