Reality TV star and property mogul Thato “TT” Mbha’s golf day with a purpose is gaining momentum. Big-shot celebs such as Andile Ncube, Thomas Mlambo and Tbo Touch have come on board to support the sporting event. It’s set to take place on 16 June at the Soweto Country Club. Some of the proceeds will go towards buying non-perishable foods and winter blankets for the Soweto Kliptown Youth Foundation. Radio personality Thabo “Tbo Touch” Molefe said he’d take part to remember the youth of 1976. “Let’s be mindful of their struggle and ensure we live to be the manifestation of their dream and aspirations.” TV personality Andile Ncube said: “On June 16 1976, they died and laid a red carpet with their blood for you and me. “On 16 June, 2021, we honour them by being the long-awaited dream! In the words of Alice Walker, we’re the ones we’ve been waiting for.” TT has also partnered with the Gauteng government. Sports, Arts, Culture and Recreation MEC Mbali Hlophe encouraged the youth to participate on the day. “Sport has helped this great nation forge unity across race, class and gender lines during our most difficult time. ALSO READ | FERGUSONS TO LAUNCH FOUNDATION “We continue to use it as a critical tool for transformation as we build on our developing state. “In this regard, the Soweto Youth Gold Day will enable many young kids from our township to gain access to golf, a sport commonly known to be reserved for the well-off. Through its introduction, the sport will enable the province to break the divide between haves and have-nots.” Speaking to Daily Sun, TT said: “On the day of the event, all the youth who’ll participate will get an opportunity to interact with highly influential people from all industries who’ll possibly inspire them to turn their lives around.” He said the event is close to his heart. “Growing up in Soweto, we never had the opportunity to play any other sport besides football, rugby or boxing if we were lucky. “Kids today have better opportunities and we’d like to support them to make sure their dreams are fulfilled.”