TV presenter and actress Kayise Ngqula has taken to social media to celebrate life while looking back at the accident that almost took her life. Two years ago, the former Our Perfect Wedding presenter and her husband, Farai, were involved in a car accident that claimed her husband’s life. Looking back on the day, Kayise said it changed her life, but she understands the purpose of it all now. She posted a video of herself on Instagram recovering at the hospital on 16 June 2019, saying her life had changed forever. “Never forget. . . even during your darkest moments God STILL had a plan for you to shine. 16 June 2019 my life changed forever. I’m just here to remind you that I’m a living testimony of His goodness!! (PS my physiotherapist was just God sent),” wrote Kayise. She got a lot of messages of love in her comment section and posted a video on her Instagram stories to thank everyone who sent her messages. Kayise said she’s doing better than she thought she would be and said she’s in a good space. “I continue to be on this journey. I understand now the purpose of my pain and I’m so grateful, incredibly grateful that I’m a living testimony,” said Kayise. ALSO READ : GOSPEL STAR SELLS HORSES! “Especially at such a time as this when we’re experiencing so much grief, so much pain. “And for some reason God is saying to me I don’t have to allow it to consume me, because I think I’ve seen how one can really rise from the trenches. So thank you.” She also shared a word of hope to people who’re going through what she went through. “And I hope that if you’re going through anything that’s much like what I went through that you find strength in knowing that one day the sun will shine again. Much love,” said the Isono actress. Kayise later posted a picture that was taken before the accident, saying in that picture she didn’t know that she wouldn’t make it home in one piece. Then she posted pictures of the burnt and destroyed car they were in. She said the accident was a defining moment for her. “I’ve since learnt that the catch is in seizing the moment so that you may not miss the miracle,” she wrote. “Just must like me – what happened to you isn’t the end of your story. There’s a call out for you to live like it’s never hurt before. “God still wants you because His love is everlasting. That’s the richness of your inheritance.” A post shared by Kayise Nolufefe Ngqula ???? (@kayise_ngqula)  A post shared by Kayise Nolufefe Ngqula ???? (@kayise_ngqula) 