WHETHER they are real or not, reality shows are entertaining. Unless you are a fellow critic, you won’t find the manufactured anger and perfectly orchestrated chaos of “reality” television interesting. But the sneak preview of Kwa Mam’ Mkhize season two is really enticing. The latest cast members are PSL, Royal AM and the judge. What we are witnessing lately in local football is nothing short of dramatic. It’s a matter of time before film production houses line up to cash in on the free content. The drama goes back to when the PSL found Polokwane City guilty for failure to include the required five Under-23 players in their match-day squad for their fixture in January. The PSL, however, did not award the disputed points to Sekhukhune, who then took the matter to the SA Football Association arbitrator. We all thought the matter was closed when Johannesburg High Court declared Sekhukhune as GladAfrica Championship winners on Saturday. But far from it. More drama would ensue when Royal AM boss Shauwn “MaMkhize” Mkhize appealed the decision of the Gauteng deputy judge president Roland Sutherland. Judge Nyathi then granted Royal AM leave to appeal Sutherland’s decision that upheld an arbitrator’s award of three points to Sekhukhune, which elevated them to the top spot in the Championship and automatic promotion at the expense of Royal AM. Royal AM were due to face Richards Bay in the promotion play-offs opener on Tuesday, but the fixture was stopped, following MaMKhize’s successful court interdict on Monday. To add to the intrigue, the PSL is now seeking urgent relief as the last day of the official season is 30 June. The reason “many player contracts terminate on that date and any further delay in completing the play-offs places the start of the 2021/22 season at risk.” But the PSL should not have let things go this far, had they dealt with the Polokwane City DC cases ages ago. It is as simple as that. Now we’re having a reality show where the PSL have taken the leading cast role. MaMkhize won’t accept defeat and will most likely take the matter right up to the highest court in the land. It’s going to get messy. Get the popcorn and enjoy the show. ) Interact with Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter via @Kgomotsso