NEWLY formed political party Us The People is ready to compete. The party, which is opposing the existence of the state, was launched on Tuesday, 8 June in Joburg. According to its spokesman Tshireletso Mati, the gradual loss of interest in politics among young people has led to a collective of young political activists, largely emanating from Joburg-based institutions of higher learning, to form the party. “This organisation is not only a young political party on paper, it is the only party registered with the Independent Electoral Commission that was founded by an entirely young collective, and led by young people,” he said, adding that it was formed on 25 January last year in Braamfontein. “It was formed following the founding summit, which brought together fearless activists, students, workers and experts from different fields under the need to pursue the equal freedom of all in a stateless society. In addition, we seek to pursue the aims of Us the People as outlined in the founding manifesto of the party,” he said. “We have realised that the freedoms achieved by the oppressed in all preceding struggles have been replacements of one domination by another, and most people have given up on resistance. It is evident from political participation among the people that there is a need for an alternative and futuristic thinking, in the quest to achieve freedom from all forms of domination. We are opposing the state and all forms of monopolies, not for the organisation’s sake, but for the future of humanity.” He said the party also had a student movement called Us the Students. “Our manifesto is to destroy all domination, oppression and exploitation, laying the basis for a new social order. We launch a critical attack on prevalent stereotyped ideas about the nature of the modern state and system of monopoly capitalism,” said Mati. Meanwhile, the party will contest the local government elections scheduled for October 2021. Regarding some parties calling for the elections to be postponed, Mati said: “It is obvious that postponing elections is unconstitutional and there are no options in the electoral act that enable postponement. Some political parties have claimed that lockdown does not enable free and fair elections, and called for the postponement despite the fact that it is unknown whether there will be lockdown at the time.” Mati also said basic and higher education must return to full capacity.