MAMELODI Sundowns trio Manqoba Mngqithi, Rulani Mokwena and star striker Peter Shalulile walked away with top honours after being named DStv Premiership coach and Players Player of the month for May. The trio was honoured for the period of 2 May to 2 June. Sundowns coaching duo Mngqithi and Mokwena guided their team to a remarkable five wins and one draw in six outings. Over and above collecting 16 points, the judges were hugely impressed by the duo’s game and squad management while battling both the domestic league and Caf Champions League competitions. This was despite the pressure put on by AmaZulu, who were breathing heavily on their neck in the title race. Shalulile, who joined Sundowns just before the 2020-21 season started, took home the Player of the Month award for May. Since joining Sundowns, he has been a breath of fresh air, netting crucial goals week in week out for the league champions. Sundowns will celebrate winning their eleventh league title on Saturday after their match against Cape Town City FC. In the five matches he featured in, Shalulile scored four times while providing three assists to his name. This was for the first time this season Sundowns coaches win the monthly accolades. They have always come closer and even last month, they were praised for their contribution. On the other hand, Namibian international, Shalulile was voted Players Player of the month for the second time this season. He received his first gong early this year when he won the Players Player of the month for January. Josef Zinnbauer, coach of Orlando Pirates, Dylan Kerr of Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and Kaitano Tembo of SuperSport United received praise for their contribution. Downs players Mosa Lebusa, Rivaldo Coetzee and Ndabayiththwa Ndlondlo (TTM) also impressed, but Shalulile was ahead of them. Kaizer Chiefs winger Happy Mashiane got the nod for the goal of the month with his stunning free-kick from a tight angle in his side’s 2-2 draw against Bloemfontein Celtic.