ACTRESS Mandisa “Mandy” Vilakazi is excited to be back on screen. She recently made a comeback to SABC1’s popular soapie Uzalo to reprise her role as Liyana, who has a huge crush on Sbu played by Simphiwe Majozi. Speaking to Daily Sun, Mandisa said people should expect the unexpected. “I’m back to continue where I left off. I don’t want to give away the whole storyline and spoil it for everyone, but all I can say is that things are going to be turned around. People at home should watch and see as all the drama is going to keep them on the edge of their seats,” she said. The 21-year-old actress, who has been part of productions such as Erased, said she knew that one day there would be a possibility for her to come back to the show. “Honestly speaking when the call from one of the producers came I never expected it, but I knew that one day an opportunity for me to come back on the show would come. I felt like the storyline was left hanging and it was not sealed properly. It left everyone with a big question as to what happened to Liyana and I am glad to be back,” she said. ALSO READ | HOWZA EXITING SCANDAL! Speaking about Liyana, who is a psychopath, Mandisa said such roles are important as she’s here to make people aware of mental illness. “Because the truth of the matter is we have such people in our communities and that is why every now and then we see videos of women having mental breakdowns and destroying their partners’ properties. We can never shy away from them and it is important for me to tell such stories because I want the viewer beyond the entertainment to learn something and be aware, because once they are aware they can take action,” she said. The talented actress, who recently graduated from the Durban University of Technology, said she almost dropped out last year in her final year. “Last year I was so close to dropping out, but my best friend begged me and talked me out of it. It was hard because I was working while I was studying and sometimes I’d miss out on a lot of schoolwork. We were doing everything online and I was doing drama, which was kind of impossible. But we had to soldier on and I am grateful I never gave up because I was able to make my parents proud,” she said. She said she has a lot of projects lined up this year, one of which is a movie which will be released later where she stars alongside Uzalo star Wiseman Mncube.