THE amended ANC national executive committee step aside rule was done to advance factional battles within the party. This was the argument of suspended ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule’s lawyer Advocate Dali Mpofu in his redirect closing at the end of his two-day hearing court bid to reverse his suspension. Mpofu was reacting to ANC lawyer Advocate Wim Trengove, who earlier conceded that the NEC had no powers to amend the party’s conference resolutions. The resolutions related to party members who were accused of being involved in corruption to step aside. Trengove had said the NEC simply narrowed the resolution, a point that Mpofu said amounted to amending to deal with members from the other faction. “So on either ground, the repurposing of the Nasrec rule was done for ulterior purposes of excluding certain people because of factional reasons. And even now excluding people because of their standing in the state, a qualification that Nasrec didn’t make,” he said. Mpofu said Nasrec knew there would be people who hold government positions when it passed the resolution, and it was not for the NEC to amend this rule along factional lines. “If it’s not amended to exclude those who are being investigated, then I don’t know what an amendment is. If it’s not an amendment to exclude those who use money to buy conferences, then I don’t know what an amendment is,” argued Mpofu. He added that some comrades who were accused of being corrupt were in government and this was in direct conflict with the resolution of the 54the Nasrec national conference, and charged that the amended rule was unlawful. Mpofu said the resolution was clear when it said every cadre and the amended rule was exempted certain people, including the president, and if the court agreed with him then it must strike the rule as unlawful and constitutional. He further argued that the guidelines used to suspend Magashule were not completed because party treasurer Paul Mashatile was supposed to present the final draft and Magashule was suspended before that could happen. He also disagreed with Trengove, who had argued that Magashule was afforded an opportunity to state his case by virtue of attending decision-making processes that led to his suspension. He blasted Trengove’s interpretation of audi, saying it meant the right to be heard by a decisionmaker and in this case, it was Magashule and the national working committee. “It has never been our case that Magashule was supposed to suspend himself. That is not Magashule’s case. His case is that the person who suspended him, Jessie Duarte, was not authorised. So the question is not whether Magashule can suspend himself. The question is who?” he asked. Mpofu submitted that it was not God-given that the powers to authorise was going to fall on Duarte’s lap because of factional battles. It was likely going to be Mashatile instead. “The only audi that would be worth its salt is the one before the decisionmaker. The person who would have been designated. Those audis are non audis,” said Mpofu, arguing that Duarte could not simply step into Magashule’s shoes when he was incapacitated, and the NEC would have to delegate someone to fill the position. Judgement was reserved.