Mzansi celebs have expressed their anger after a cop manhandled a WOMAN at Motherwell Police Station in Gqeberha, Eastern Cape. A video making the rounds on social media shows two women arguing with police officers. One cop is seen dragging one of the women and has a tussle with her. People on social media, including celebs, were angry about it and demanded that President Cyril Ramaphosa and Police Minister Bheki Cele punish the police officers. Isibaya actress Ayanda Borotho shared a screenshot of the video on her Instagram stories, saying they don’t deserve to be called men. “Can these boys stop harassing women!!! These boys are not worthy of being called men!!!” wrote Ayanda. Is’thunzi actress Makgotso M first said what the police did was unacceptable. “Absolutely unacceptable!! Total abuse of power!!” she wrote. ALSO READ POLICE ORDER INVESTIGATION INTO VIRAL VIDEO She later commented on a tweet by someone who said Eastern Cape women must respect the police. The actress said what the police did was a violation of human rights. She wrote: “No! Stop this victim blaming. Stop!! It’s never okay for anyone to put their hands on anyone, ever! Let alone the police! For goodness sake. “This is a violation of human rights! What sort of society do we live in where we have people that defend police for harassment?! Crazy!” Radio and TV host Anele Mdoda mentioned President Cyril Ramaphosa and Minister Bheki Cele in her tweet. “I’m spraying someone who dares think my daughter is to be treated like this!!!! AT A POLICE STATION !!!!! @CyrilRamaphosa @Bhekicele_rsa come on guys,” wrote an angry Anele. According to News24, Eastern Cape police said an investigation was ordered after the video went viral. Absolutely unacceptable!! Total abuse of power!! #SAPS https://t.co/kXqINbPQMZ No! Stop this victim blaming. Stop!! It is never okay for anyone to put their hands on anyone! Ever! Yet alone the POLICE! For goodness sake. This is a violation of human rights! What sort of society do we live in where we have people that defend police for harassment?! Crazy! https://t.co/7GZRxEb3OF I am spraying someone who dares think my daughter is to be treated like this !!!! AT A POLICE STATION !!!!! @CyrilRamaphosa @Bhekicele_rsa come on guys. https://t.co/a8kOQLwYXO — Anele Mdoda (@Anele) June 13, 2021  