BY his admission, Kolisi hasn’t been at his best since he led the Boks to their 2019 World Cup triumph. But Boks coach Jacques Nienaber will back the loose forward to regain his form and lead South Africa against the Lions. “Yes, yes, 100%,” Nienaber replied when asked about Kolisi. “We didn’t announce him, but nothing has changed.” The Lions are set to tour South Africa for eight matches, including three Tests against the Boks, between 3 July and 7 August. Kolisi has been included in the 46-man squad that was announced on Saturday. The 29-year-old has experienced a tough 2020, during which he struggled to regain the form that earned him 50 test caps so far. But since he switched from the Stormers to the Sharks, he has shown glimpses of his old self in a new environment. Nienaber has included several uncapped players, including wingers Rosco Specman and Yaw Penxe, Joseph Dweba (hooker), Nicolaas Janse van Rensburg (lock), Jasper Wiese (loose forward), Sanele Nohamba (scrumhalf), Wandisile Simelane (centre), and Aphelele Fassi (fullback). Frans Steyn and Morne Steyn are set to face the British & Irish Lions for a second time after also being included. Lock Eben Etzebeth is among the seven players with 50 or more Test caps. The door, however, is not closed for players who didn’t make the cut. Locally based players assembled for camp at their base yesterday, with the team expected to kick off preparations today with a three-week conditioning camp in Bloemfontein. BOKS SQUAD: FORWARDS Thomas du Toit, Steven Kitshoff, Vincent Koch, Frans Malherbe, Ox Nche, Trevor Nyakane, Coenie Oosthuizen, Joseph Dweba, Malcolm Marx, Bongi Mbonambi, Scarra Ntubeni, Lood de Jager, Eben Etzebeth, Nicolaas Janse van Rensburg, Franco Mostert, Marvin Orie, RG Snyman, Dan du Preez, Jean-Luc du Preez, Pieter-Steph du Toit, Rynhardt Elstadt, Siya Kolisi, Kwagga Smith, Marco van Staden, Duane Vermeulen, Jasper Wiese BACKS Faf de Klerk, Herschel Jantjies, Sanele Nohamba, Cobus Reinach, Elton Jantjies, Handre Pollard, Morne Steyn, Lukhanyo Am, Damian de Allende, Jesse Kriel, Wandisile Simelane, Frans Steyn, Aphelele Fassi, Cheslin Kolbe, Willie le Roux, Makazole Mapimpi, Sbu Nkosi, Yaw Penxe, Rosko Specman, Damian Willemse