NEW Athletics South Africa (ASA) president, James Moloi, has wasted no time getting to work on some of the issues that he promised to fix during his campaign for the presidency. Moloi, who ousted former president Aleck Skhosana by 39 votes to 27 in the tension-filled elections last month, made a lot of promises on his campaign trail and he now intends to deliver. The former Central Gauteng Athletics (CGA) boss has rolled up his sleeves and got stuck into work as he looks to get his tenure off to a bright start, beginning by addressing some of the issues ASA have been struggling with in the past. Moloi insists that the well-being of athletes is of extreme importance and has promised to “put the athletes first” and do everything in his power to ensure that they are the ones who benefit the most. “We have met over two days to discuss a way forward. We don’t have much time. We have discussed and agreed on how to take Athletics South Africa forward,” said Moloi at a press briefing in Joburg yesterday. “It’s important to prioritise the interests of athletes. We are not here for ourselves. We are here to serve athletics, and we are the last people to be considered. The athletes come first and we have to put their interests first. “Our athletes must be rewarded well for their performances. I will be holding meetings with all the big race organisers to talk about how they can improve their prizes for our athletes. They need to pay good money to our athletes.” One of the big promises that Moloi made during his campaign was that he would fix the broadcasting rights issue at ASA, assuring athletes that athletics will be televised live on TV. Moloi also promised that he would bring in new sponsors, and he has revealed that they’re making good progress in that regard. “The most important thing is sponsorship,” added Moloi. “This has been a problem because we have to send our athletes all over the world, but that’s difficult to do without sponsorship. “We have to go out of our way to try and get sponsorship. I haven’t wasted any time. We have started already sending proposals to different companies. “The other issue is the broadcasting rights issue. As you know, we don’t have a deal with anyone so far. So we are still going to negotiate the contract for ASA going forward for a certain period. “We are busy with that at the moment and sooner rather than later, we will announce the company that will be broadcasting athletics.”