Mzansi popular sports
presenter Robert Marawa has survived a Covid-19 scare after he spent one week
in the intensive care unit (ICU). The sports presenter has warned Mzansi to take Covid-19
seriously and follow all  Covid-19
protocols and do everything to avoid catching the virus. "Covid-19 is real and
it’s something that my family and I have been dealing with. I, along with many
South Africans have lost loved ones and dear colleagues to this virus. As I now
make my way to full recovery, I would like to warn anyone out there who is
still taking this global pandemic lightly,” said Marawa. The veteran
broadcaster said he started having some flu-like symptoms and quickly ran a
test and he found out that he was positive to Covid-19. He then isolated
himself but on day eight the virus started taking a toll on his body. “What started as a flu-like symptom we have all been warned
about quickly led to a fulminant debilitating inexplicable fatigue without
shortness of breath on day 8 of my diagnosis. The doctor’s friend advised me to
get an electronic device that measures pulse and blood oxygen concentration.
When the oxygen concentration dropped to 92, hospital admission was arranged via an x-ray to establish
lung condition,” said Marawa. He said it was when he was taken to ICU for one week and was
released into a general ward where he spent two days before he was released. The Metro FM, Marawa Sports World Wide show host thanked the
medical professionals whom he said worked “tirelessly to revive my health”. The broadcaster said
he wrestled in his mind on whether to share his story or not but realised that
it could help someone if he speaks about it. “The coronavirus is
vicious on the body, it is a tough battle and I encourage you to take care of
yourself and tour loved ones by following all protocols put in place to assist
in decreasing the spread of Covid-19 and even more so to seek medical attention
sooner than later,” he said. pic.twitter.com/BTJJccvkhd  Some of his Twitter followers congratulated him for beating
Covid-19 and wished him a speedy recovery. “Thank God Madluphuthu you are alive I had experienced the
same type of COVID-19 for 49 days between hospital and my bed. God loves you
and great that you had a supportive family. We are looking forward to hearing
your honest voice and wisdom in football,” said one Nhlanhla.