BAROKA FC will play host to Orlando Pirates in a DStv Premiership match at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Wednesday (5pm). Bakgaga Ba Mphahlele extended their unbeaten run to three matches in the league when they drew 0-0 with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila at home on May 18. The Limpopo-based side is placed ninth on the league standings - two points behind eighth-placed TS Galaxy with two matches left in the current campaign. Matsimela Thoka, the Baroka head coach, says his charges will be ready for the Buccaneers following a two-week rest for his side. "Against Pirates at home, maybe we will have a different game because you know Baroka players when playing against the so-called big teams," Thoka said. "They give a different performance without needing any motivation. So, playing against Pirates on the 2nd of June will be a good game for the boys. "We will wait for them and we will have 14 days to prepare for them." Meanwhile, Pirates saw their three-match unbeaten run in the league come to an end when they suffered a 1-0 loss to Galaxy away on May 30. The Buccaneers remained fourth on the standings -  level on points with third-placed Lamontville Golden Arrows and four points behind second-placed AmaZulu FC. Josef Zinnbauer, the Pirates head coach, described their clash with Baroka as a special game as the Soweto giants look to move into the top three places on the log. "We need the three points, I know the players know what has happened, they know after this 90 minutes [against Galaxy] what's happening [with regards to CAF spots on the log]," Zinnbauer said. "We have to focus, analyse this game quick and then we need the head up, we play against Baroka, it's also a special game, we need the points if you want one of these places in the table. "We need three points for this." PLAYERS TO WATCH: BAROKA FC Richard Mbulu: The Malawi international scored the only goal of the match as Baroka claimed their last victory in the league which was a 1-0 win over AmaZulu on May 11. Mbulu could be key to a Baroka win over Pirates. -supersport.com