THE PASTOR told Daily Sun he’s a man of God but he succumbed to temptation. He’s crying out for help to get his 4-5 up and running again. HIS NYATSI LOCKED HIS 4-5. HE BELIEVES GOD IS PUNISHING HIM! The 47-year-old pastor from Glenvista, Joburg, said he started dating the nyatsi in January last year and they were having a great time. But she asked him when he was divorcing his wife. He told her in March he wasn’t planning to do that anytime soon and she didn’t take it well. The relationship continued, but it was no longer as much fun. “Sometimes when I asked to see her, she’d tell me she’s with another man,” he said. He confronted her about it, but she gave him attitude and said she doesn’t have a reason to respect an unfaithful man. “I realised this one was trouble so I ended the relationship. That didn’t go well. He said he wasn’t too bothered, but in the beginning of April when his wife tried to be intimate, his 4-5 wasn’t interested. “It would become erect, but when it was time for penetration it just fell,” he said. ALSO READ:
HANDS OFF MY KUKU 4-5! He visited a urologist, who gave him some pills and advised him to eat healthy. He even had a special diet and sometimes he’d relieve his wife from cooking. “Last month, I tried again but the same thing happened. My heart dropped as my 4-5 hanged its head,” he said.  He said that last week the nyatsi called and asked how his 4-5 was holding up. “When I asked her what she did she told me I messed with the wrong woman and ended the call,” he said. “When he tried calling her back, she didn’t answer. Asked if he’s visited a sangoma, he said he’s a man of God and doesn’t believe in those practices. “I know the nyatsi has something to do with this, but I don’t think I want to take that route to fix my problem,” he said. His best friend said they’ve prayed together, but prayer doesn’t seem to be helping. “I don’t judge. We all make mistakes,” said the friend. ALSO READ:
ZODWA WABANTU TAKING CARE OF THE DEAD “I just hope he finds help soon. Even as a last resort he should visit a sangoma.” The 28-year-old nyatsi told Daily Sun she assumed the pastor dated her because he loved her and planned to divorce his wife. “He’s a man of God and I didn’t think he was just using me for a poke. I thought what we had was real,” she said. Asked if she locked his 4-5, she laughed. She said he’lll learn to stop toying with women’s feelings, then hung up. Urologist Dr Kenneth Mulongo said most of these cases are caused by a combination of physical and emotional problems. “Just about any medical condition that affects your nerves or blood vessels could hurt your ability to have an erection,” he said. He advised the pastor to come see him. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi confirmed the man’s 4-5 was locked. He said nothing will work until he goes for a cleansing. 