HEALTH Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize and director-general Dr Sandile Buthelezi were supposed to answer questions from the portfolio committee on health regarding the controversial Digital Vibes saga. But Mkhize did not show up. Committee chairperson Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo told MPs during the meeting that Mkhize had written to him, stating that he was advised by lawyers from the department not to speak about the matter. Buthelezi appeared, but told MPs that he could not delve deeper into the matter as he was also directly implicated and it was being investigated by the Special Investigating Unit (SIU). He also said cops were after the same case following DA’s Siviwe Gwarube opening a criminal case on Thursday. He said they started investigating the Digital Vibes contract last year and it was investigated internally by two auditing firms they had appointed. The firms stated that the contract was irregular. Then in February this year, the SIU started to investigate. MPs were not impressed, stating that an investigation by law enforcement did not fall under the sub judice rule where people were not allowed to comment about matters before the courts. Gwarube said: “The notion that the laying of the case in Cape Town is now creating a limitation for the DG to account to the office is absolutely not true. The sub judice rule is no reason for people not to account to the committee. The matter reported to the police and SIU is not sub judice – it is not before the court of law.” ANC MP Tshilidzi Munyai blamed Gwarube for rushing to open the case, saying it was now blocking the committee from getting answers on the matter. The Freedom Front Plus’s Philippus van Staden said when the matter was before SIU and SAPS, it was not sub judice, so Mkhize must answer. “I’m asking Mkhize to be honest with South Africans by providing clarity on all these issues before the SIU issues its report at the end of June,” said Van Staden. EFF’s Naledi Chirwa Mkhize urged Mkhize to just resign. “This country and all of us cannot be held at ransom by the criminal dealings of ministers and executive members who can’t fulfil their obligations and be available for parliamentary processes in the interest of being held accountable.” Dhlomo concluded the meeting, stating that he would get advice from the Parliamentary Legal Services on whether Mkhize and Buthelezi should answer questions from MPs.