DESPITE evidence that the new Covid-19 Delta variant spreading like wiuldfire in South Africa,  Cosafa Cup general secretary Sue Destombes says their annual tournament, scheduled for 6-18 July, will continue as normal. Though President Cyril Ramaphosa has put a halt to all gatherings of any sort, Cosafa Cup organisers says the event will continue as planned safe “under bio-bubble environment”. By Sunday night, when Ramaphosa addressed the nation, a reported 15 036 new cases were recorded, a seven day average of 15 083, which has sent alarm bells in the country. Ramaphosa announced that the country is moving to adjusted Level-4 lockdown for the next 14 days from Monday to 11 June. He also announced that all gatherings are prohibited, effectively immediately, except for funerals with a maximum of 50 people. But indications are that the Cosafa Cup will be an exception at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium, and will not be affected. “Whilst there is a need to implement stricter measures to deal with the current statistics, the President of South Africa in his address to the Nation on 27 June 2021 was clear in that daily life and business, in particular, should continue,” Destombes said in a statement. “The restrictions on inter-provincial travel does not apply to transit through OR Tambo International airport in Joburg, and travel for the purposes of business is permitted. Cosafa has already put in place strict Covid-19 protocols to ensure the safety of all role players, including operating within a bio-bubble and playing matches behind closed doors.” The statement added that Cosafa, tournament hosts Nelson Mandela Bay Metro and agencies of the South African government, have extensive experience in staging events in the midst of the lockdown. This is after hosting four competitions at the Nelson Mandela Bay last year, and with professional domestic football and international matches continuing. Bafana Bafana will be part of the tournament, and they were drawn in Group A, along with Botswana, Eswatini and Lesotho. 