 XOLISANI “Nomeva” Ndongeni was crowned the new WBA Pan African Junior Welterweight champion in Soweto on Saturday following an impressive win over Zimbabwean Peter “The Sniper” Pambeni. Ndongeni, who promised to deliver the goods in his main bout at the TLB Promotions tournament dubbed the “Night of Honor and Passion,” made good on his word. The Johannesburg based pugilist from Duncan Village in the Eastern Cape, delivered a sharp performance to beat Pambeni by TKO in the third round. This was Ndongeni’s 28th win of his career and his 16th via the short route. He only has two defeats to his name. He was delighted to capture the vacant title but he insists it’s only a step towards his goal of returning to the international stage. “I feel great, I’m happy to have won this title,” said Ndongeni. “It’s a good win. It takes me somewhere. And it feels good to have a title again after a very long time. “I just hope I get more fights. I'm pleased with my performance. I did say that I didn’t want this guy to last all the rounds. “As soon as I could see that he was feeling the pain I was inflicting, I decided to keep pilling it up. “He’s an awkward boxer. I found it a bit tough to read him. He witches from orthodox to southpaw. “But the most important thing was that I could see what he was doing and I was able to do what I wanted to do.” In the main supporting bout, Athenkosi Dumezweni made light work of Malawian Aubrey Masamba in their Junior Bantamweight fight. Dumezweni, who lost his previous fight against Argentine Fernando Martinez, got back to winning ways as he stopped Masamba in the first round, winning the bout via TKO. He was delighted with his performance but feels he needs to challenge himself harder in his next fight. “The things that happen in the fight are the things that I prepare for,” said Dumezweni. “I knew I needed to win because I lost the previous fight. I was aiming for an early KO and I was able to deliver that. “I didn’t expect to finish it in the first round though, but I could see that he was scared so I decided to attack. “I usually just try to read my opponent in the first round and test his power but he fell straight into my early trap.” Meanwhile, Matshidiso “The Scorpion Queen” Mokebisi defeated Bonita Van Jaarsveldt in their female Lightweight bout. Marcus Leboko edged Xolani Mgidi on Majority Decision in their Junior Welterweight bout which went the distance.