THE Special Investigating Unit is about to recover over R600 million of the R14 billion lost to irregular expenditure on PPE. On Wednesday, 2 June, SIU head advocate Andy Mothibi told Parliament’s standing committee on public accounts that the unit was hoping to wrap up the remaining cases and recover the lost money by August. However, Mothibi told the committee new cases were being recorded, which were not included in the numbers he was presenting. Mothibi said the unit was investigating 4 117 cases. He said the irregular contracts were determined to have been awarded between April 2020 and March 2021. He spoke about challenges to securing the safety of whistleblowers and witnesses, who he said were key to the unit’s work. “It’s very important that I single this out because we depend on these witnesses to bring evidence forward. If they’re not protected and the credibility of the process is not ensured, our investigations are likely to be negatively affected,” he said. “Of the R14,3 billion that is under investigation, R614,3 million has already been referred to the special tribunal in order to set aside the contracts and ultimately, recover the losses.” Mothibi said President Cyril Ramaphosa had already been given the report to update him on the progress the unit was making with its investigations. Without going into detail, Mothibi said corrupt individuals and groups continued using the same methods the unit had observed since it started investigating. He said the unit would continue assessing the practices to make sure it kept on top of the game. Mothibi said the unit was investing all allegations including those against Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize. “We are hoping the report on the minister will be on the president’s desk by end June. If it’s before that then that’s okay,” he said Ramaphosa, delivering his budget vote, said the allegations against Mkhize were shocking and disturbing. He said he’d spoken to Mkhize about the allegations and the minister was co-operating fully. He assured the country he was dealing with the matter.