WHENEVER Sipho Lephondo went home to see his wife, she was always there waiting for him. But this was not the case when he recently walked into a cold house with his wife, Maria (47) nowhere to be found on 30 April this year. THIS CONFUSED SIPHO AS HIS WIFE DOES NOT LIKE GOING AWAY. He now believes her new church has stolen her and needs help to find her. The 41-year-old works in Joburg and lives in Brixton. He told Daily Sun he and Maria fell in love more than 12 years ago. Sipho said they later moved in together in his Schweizer-Reneke home in the North West.  “Life was difficult and that’s when I decided to go to Jozi to look for work,” he said. Sipho said he and Maria made things official and got married in 2017. By then he had found a more flexible job, which allowed him to work for 14 days and be off for seven days. He said he went home on his off days. ALSO READ: VUYISWA BACK FOR ON THE QUEEN! “I always made it a point to go home. I spent all the holidays and every chance I got with my wife. I would find her home even if I went there unannounced,” said Sipho. But things changed about two months ago when Maria joined a new church. Sipho said she called and told him she had found a good church.  He said when he went home, he found his wife not waiting for him for the first time in their marriage. “This has never happened before and I got worried. I called her and she told me not to worry because she was in church. She said all they did was praise and worship, and had forgotten about this earth’s problems,” he said. But when Sipho asked Maria where the church was, she said she wasn’t allowed to tell him. “She said they were not allowed to go out unless they got permission from the pastor. When I asked who the pastor was, she said they are not allowed to say his name,” he said. Although Maria sometimes called to check up on Sipho, she never reveals where she was. ALSO READ: SUFFOCATING AL AHLY PLAYERS LEAVE PITCH! He has tried everything to find her, but with no success. He said that he even asked Maria’s sister about the church. “She told me Maria told her about the church, but didn’t tell her where it was. “I still love her and I am worried because I live and work in Gauteng. Our home is left alone. Thugs might steal everything,” he said. Sipho believes his wife might be hypnotised. “I know my wife and she wouldn’t do something crazy like this. This is not a church, but a cult. I don’t know what to do and that’s why I turned to the People’s Paper. “Surely a lot of other people will be helped in the process because she is not the only one there. I heard from neighbours that a lot of people have joined this secret church. People quit their jobs to be there,” he said. It seems Sipho is not the only one with a missing spouse. Shelly Tau (62) from Migdol in the North West said her husband quit his job and joined the church on 15 April this year. When called for comment, Maria’s sister refused to talk to Daily Sun, while Maria’s phone went straight to voicemail. Bishop Thami Ngcanga from Council of African Independent Churches said it was important for government to regulate churches. “People shouldn’t just decide to start a church and do so with ease. “There should be regulations to follow so that everything is traceable,” said the bishop.