THE Bloemfontein High Court has granted the NPA’s Investigating Directorate (ID) a restraint order to freeze assets belonging to Iqbal Sharma and the Guptas, all to the value of R520 million. The order applied to assets in South Africa, which included all property of Islandsite Investments, Sharma and his wife as well as any property held by Sharma’s companies, including two registered in the UAE. The high court-appointed curator would take control of, and preserve the assets pending the outcome of criminal charges for fraud and money laundering offences instituted against Sharma, Nulane, Islandsite, the Guptas and others in the Bloemfontein Regional Court on 3 June. ID spokeswoman Sindisiwe Seboka said should the accused be convicted, the NDPP would apply for a confiscation order against Sharma and Islandsite to recoup the value of benefits derived from the offences and related criminal activities. Seboka said those affected faced criminal charges related to a contract concluded between Nulane and the Free State Department of Agriculture (USDA) in 2011, for which Nulane was paid R24,9 million for a feasibility study that it subcontracted to Deloitte for R1,5 million. “The study relates to potential farming projects in the province to be funded under ‘Mohoma Mobung’, a provincial initiative for rural upliftment and job creation. Nulane recommended Indian company PARAS Dairy for the Vrede dairy project now linked to the Estina fraud investigation.” The fraudulent proceeds of R24,9 million paid to Nulane by the department was transferred between the company and several others, including Gupta entities Islandsite and Pragat Investments (Pty) Ltd, to launder the funds ultimately directed to the Gupta family. Sharma’s assets, that formed part of the curator’s inventory, included his Sandton home valued at over R12 million. The property was featured on lifestyle television programme Top Billing, and is owned through UAE-registered company Issar Global.  Other assets included movable property valued at R500 000 and a R1,3 million sectional title home in Sandton. Properties owned by Gupta family company Islandsite, that formed part of the inventory, included a house worth R21 million in Constantia near Cape Town and a R12 million house in Saxonwold. Sharma and former department head Peter Thabethe will spend the weekend in police cells in Bloemfontein until their bail hearing on Monday.