Uganda’s Cranes on Wednesday named their squad that will face Bafana Bafana in a friendly at Orlando Stadium next Thursday (6pm). Cranes’ interim coach, Abudallah Mubiru, has selected a 34-man squad, with Chippa United goalie Ismail Watenga the most familiar name. Watenga is set to be Denis Onyango's long-term successor after the Mamelodi Sundowns ‘keeper retired in March from international football. Emmanuel Okwi, who was their top marksman in the Afcon finals in 2019, takes over the captain’s armband from Onyango. Another familiar name in the squad is Moses Ndhondhi Waiswa of SuperSport United. Onyango retired from international football after Uganda failed to qualify for next year’s Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Cameroon in March. Soon after Onyango confirmed that he’s stepping away from Uganda, other players who announced their retirement from the Cranes were Hassan Wasswa Mawanda and Micheal Azira. Juke like Uganda, Bafana also failed to qualify for the Afcon finals in Cameroon and will use the friendly to prepare for the 2022 World Cup qualifiers in September. However, new coach Hugo Broos, who won the Afcon with the Indomitable Lions in 2017, won’t be in charge of this friendly, as he left the country for his Covid-19 follow up jab in Belgium. This game will see Mzansi’s 1996 Afcon winner Helman Mkhalele, who was named as the assistant coach, in charge alongside Broos’ European assistant Cedomir “Cede” Javenski. Squad Goalkeepers: Ismael Watenga, Charles Lukwago, Simon Tamale, Mathias Kigonya Defenders: Elvis Mwomono, Innocent Wafula, Paul Willa, Mustafa Kizza, Aziz Kayondo, Halid Lwaliwa, Murushid Juuko, Gavin Kizito Mugweri, Kenneth Ssemakula, Paul Patrick Mbowa, Enock Walusimbi, Hassan Muhamud Midfielders: Taddeo Lwanga, Moses Ndhondhi Waiswa, Bobosi, Byaruhanga, Ivan Sserubiri, Bright Anukani, Kuchi Shafik Kagimu, Isma Mugulusi, Abdu Lumala, Ibrahim Orit, Joseph Akandwanaho Forwards: Emmanuel Okwi (Captain), Richard Bassagwa, Patrick Kaddu, Derrick Kakooza, Yunus Sentamu, Erick Kambale, Allan Okello. 