KAIZER Chiefs might have performed brilliantly against Wydad Athletic in the Caf Champions League first leg semi-final in Morocco this past weekend, but Amakhosi goalkeeper Bruce Bvuma, who was at the heart of the victory, says the tie is far from over. He has urged his teammates to go to FNB Stadium this coming Saturday and put up another dogged performance to reach the final for the first time in their history. Chiefs, who are regarded as an outsider in this season’s Champions League, gave themselves a huge advantage after surprisingly winning in Morocco 1-0 through the strike from Samir Nurkovic. In winning this match, Chiefs became the first club from Mzansi to win in Morocco in the Champions League. Mamelodi Sundowns, under coach Pitso Mosimane, went to Morocco to play Wydad five times. But they have lost four and drawn once. But Chiefs, just in their second trip to Morocco since 2015 in the Champions League, were able to win where no South African side had done so. But Bvuma, who was named man of the match after putting some top stops, said they will prepare well when they host 2017 champions as they look to join Sundowns and Orlando Pirates to reach the Champions League final. “We know very well that the game is not over and now going forward we’ll prepare,” said Bvuma. “We want to make sure that we get the results that will favour us and go all the way to the final, because that’s what we want right now.” During the group stage matches, Chiefs faced Wydad twice, losing 4-0 in the neutral venue in Burkina Faso in what was match number two of the group as Mzansi travellers weren’t allowed in Morocco due to the Covid-19 threat. But in match number five, Chiefs won 1-0 at FNB, through a thumping header by Bernard Parker which went a long way to see them qualify for the knockout stages. On that occasion, Chiefs finished with nine men and had two goals ruled out for offside. However, Wydad brought in a second string team as they were already guaranteed the knockout passage. Bvuma said, playing in the Champions League, these are football matches you dream to play in. “These are the games when you grow up you want to play and perform,” said Bvuma. “I was lucky that I got a chance to play in the semi-final and perform the way I did. “To be honest, this was a team performance looking at the way the guys were working, it really motivated me to keep working hard and make sure that we don’t concede away.”