MINISTER of Higher Education, Science and Innovation, Blade Nzimande said a fake Facebook page in his name is not by him and people should not follow it. Nzimande said he has been informed of the existence of a fake and misleading Facebook page that impersonates him. He said: “The impersonator misleads the public into believing that they are communicating with the minister by soliciting money to support a worthy course of student funding. “It’s unfortunate that we have individuals who go to an extent of masquerading as a minister to defraud members of the public, using the genuine plight of students,” he said. Nzimande said he already communicated to Facebook to locate and close the fake Facebook page. He wishes to put it on record that the only authentic social media accounts that he has authorised are the following: https://www.facebook.com/bonginkosi.nzimande.52 https://www.facebook.com/DrBladeNzimande/ https://mobile.twitter.com/drbladenzimande https://www.instagram.com/minister_blade_nzimande/ “All other social media pages bearing my name are fake and false. The other social media pages that might be regarded as authentic are those of the Department of Higher Education and Training and the Department of Science and Innovation.” ALSO READ: STOLEN GOAT SLAUGHTERED AT FUNERAL! Nzimande said he’s aware of the essential role that is played by social media for effective and responsive communication, and he’s committed to continue engaging with the public through genuine and credible social media platforms. He advised members of the public to contact their nearest police station if they suspect or might have already been scammed by these fraudsters. However, members of the public who might be aware of any existence of a suspicious social media platform in the name of Minister Nzimande should contact Ishmael Mnisi on 066 037 8859 or send an email to Ishmael.Mnisi@dst.gov.za Meanwhile, Nzimande has congratulated students who were successful in applying for the National Student Financial Aid Scheme (Nsfas) in the 2021 academic year. Though 93 532 TVET college students and 52 992 university students did not receive Nsfas funding for the 2021 academic year. However, 5 376 TVET College students were unfunded because their academic pathways are not funded as per the guidelines and 22 014 university students were unfunded because they have obtained their first undergraduate qualifications. He said 22 649 university students and 140 TVET student exceeded the N+ rule, while 88 016 TVET students and 8 326 university students failed their 2020 academic year. “A total of three university students were unfunded because their studies are funded by other bursaries. “Nsfas ensures that financial aid reaches the right and deserving students timeously through the new bursary scheme that gives effect to the government’s vision to ensure that all academically-deserving students from poor and working-class backgrounds, who are admitted to study at public universities and colleges are provided with financial support to obtain their first undergraduate qualification,” said the minister.