PLAYING the Carling Black Label match at Orlando Stadium won’t give Orlando Pirates an advantage, says Kaizer Chiefs legend Reneilwe Letsholonyane. For the first time since the inception of the Carling Black Label in 2011 between Pirates and Chiefs, this year’s match will be played at the iconic venue in Orlando on 1 August (5pm). This was necessitated after Calabash, FNB Stadium, was made available initially. However, it was taken by The Springboks as they will host the British and Irish Lions on 31 July. This resulted in the match being moved to Orlando Stadium for the very first time. “I think it will not have an advantage, derbies are a different ball game altogether,” said Letsholonyane. During Yeye’s playing career at Chiefs, he hardly played at Orlando. But when he did, he never won as a Chiefs player either. Pirates drew 1-1 with Chiefs in the MTN8 semi final in 2013-14 season in the game that Letsholonyane featured, with Pirates going through 2-1 on aggregate after winning the first leg 1-0 at FNB Stadium. This past season, Pirates beat Chiefs 3-0 also in the MTN8 first leg semi final. Pirates also got the better of Chiefs in the league match when they won 2-1 in January this year at the same venue. “So it’s not an advantage to anyone, but it is advantageous to the supporters or football lovers who are living in the surrounding areas,” added Yeye. In the past eight Carling Black Label Cup clashes between the Soweto Giants, Pirates have won five times (2011, 2012, 2014, 2015 and 2019); while Chiefs won it three times in 2013, 2016 and 2017, in which Letsholonyane won it once (2013). Meanwhile, the 39-year-old, who won two league titles in his eight-year career at Chiefs, says he expects both Soweto giants to raise their game this coming season. Both Pirates didn’t put up a fight to Mamelodi Sundowns this past season, as the Tshwane giants won the league title for the fourth time in the row. Chiefs will be under Stuart Baxter, the man Letsholonyane knows so well, having also worked with him at SuperSport United, after the former Bafana Bafana coach was appointed earlier this month. “Most definitely,” says Letsholonyane without hesitation. “The standards must be maintained and Chiefs and Pirates must perform to give Sundowns a good run for their money. But I believe both teams will do better this coming season.”