SWALLOWS FC veteran defender Vuyo Mere says he has no plans to retire any time soon. The 37-year-old has been playing professional football for 20 years. The Bloemfontein-born star told SunSport that he believes he still has more years in the game as he is feeling young. “I feel young to be honest,” said Mere. “I am not thinking of retiring as I am still enjoying the game more than when I was in my 20s. I just can’t wait for next season to start. One thing I have learnt is that discipline and how you look after your body is very important. Last season, I played many matches and I thank God I never had injuries. I am happy with my performance last season and I hope to improve.” Last season, Mere was in fine form and played 26 DStv Premiership matches for the Dube Birds. Mere started his football career at Hellenic in 2001. After spending three years with the defunct Hellenic, Mere joined PSL giants Mamelodi Sundowns in 2004 where he won two league titles, the Nedbank Cup and the MTN8. The Brazilians loaned Mere out to Swallows in 2011 before he joined the now defunct Platinum Stars the same year on a permanent deal. Mere spent seven years at Dikwena, winning the Telkom Knockout and MTN8. After Stars was sold, Mere signed with Bidvest Wits. While enjoying his time under Gavin Hunt at the Clever Boys, the club was sold to then Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and Mere had to sign for Swallows while the Soweto giants were still in the GladAfrica Championship. Mere and other veterans like such as Lebohang Mokoena and Virgil Vries helped Swallows win the championship and return to the top flight two seasons ago. In his football career, Mere has only 10 Bafana Bafana caps. “It has been a long journey but I am still enjoying it,” said Mere. “I have played for many great clubs in the PSL and won trophies. My goal now is to be part of Swallows’ success and improve from our last season form,” added Mere. Despite struggling in the second round last season, the Birds ended the campaign sixth and are set to face their Soweto rivals Orlando Pirates in the MTN8 quarter-final when the new season starts.