Radio presenter Mantsoe Pout is making a return to the airwaves after four months. Mantsoe is returning with a new radio station called Star FM that’s starting on 1 July. She will be hosting #STARLunchWithMantsoePout from 12pm to 3pm on weekdays. The Joburg-based radio station will be on frequency 91.9 and online. The presenter’s last show on radio was Fresh on 947 alongside DJ Fresh and it ended in February. She said she has been using these past months to reflect on herself and her career. “It totally felt like a lifetime. I have never been off the radio for this long. But I took the time out to reflect on my career and reassess my journey. I spent so much needed time with my family and especially my grandmother. Loved every moment,” she said. Mantsoe said she was approached by the stations programme’s manager, Caren Du Preez and she accepted right away. ALSO READ : ACTRESS READY FOR MISS SA CONTEST “I’ve never been scared of new beginnings and when an opportunity like this one came to me, I wanted to be a part of it. I needed something new. I wanted to be a part of something revolutionary and refreshing,” she said. “In my career, I have worked with other people on the radio and when STAR FM offered me a show on my own, I knew I couldn’t let this one pass me. I had to weigh between a well-established station, and possibly joining an existing show, or carving my own path and starting something on my own on a new platform. It’s almost like a reintroduction,” said Mantsoe. The radio host said the show will be an extension of her personality and she knows people will enjoy it “This is the show I’ve been wanting to hear for years on SA radio so I know Joburg will also love it. The show is dynamic, it is going to be a breath of fresh air, cheeky and familiar. Almost like hanging out with your mate. You can expect a lot of interaction, a lot of interviews with some of the best artists SA has to offer,” she said. Former 947 presenters, Greg and Lucky, are also joining the radio station and will host the breakfast show. After 4 months of no radio, I'm proud to announce that I'll be joining a brand new Joburg radio station, STAR FM as the host of their lunch time show, #StarLunchWithMantsoePout ??? I'm so excited about this venture! Catch me on 91.9 from July 1st! https://t.co/LWRaCdDvsI 