WHEN SHE was 18 she was ready to give up her virginity, but her boyfriend couldn’t shape up. Now she’s 29 and ready to have kids with the love of her life. BUT HER DEAD MOTHER IS STOPPING HER FROM POKING! The frustrated woman from Katlehong, Ekurhuheni, believes she needs to get rid of vimba, which is muthi preventing her from getting a poke. She told Daily Sun that when she was 15 her mum took her to a sangoma, who gave her the muthi to prevent men from poking her. “I really didn’t care. I was focused on my schoolwork,” she said. At 18, her friends told her about losing their virginity and how great poking was. “My boyfriend and I at the time discussed poking, and when we’d do it,” she said. But when the day came his 4-5 wouldn’t wake up. ALSO READ:
WATCH – GONE IN SIXTY SECONDS! “I immediately knew that vimba was still on,” she said. After matric she got another boyfriend, but he couldn’t poke her, either. “I explained what my mum had done, but he left me just like the first guy,” said the woman. She decided go and see the sangoma, but he’d moved. “I was never close to my other family members,” she said.  But now she’s met the man of her dreams. “We’ve been together for three years,” she said. “Not only is he patient, he’s trying to get help for me.” She said they’ve already wasted R4 000 on izangoma. “I don’t know what to do anymore and I don’t want to lose my man,” she said. Daily Sun spoke to the boyfriend (36), who said he loves her and wants to spend the rest of his life with her, but that poking is important. “We’re planning to have babies,” he said. ALSO READ:
PICS – MASHONISA HAUNTS UNDERTAKER! “I love her, but this plays an important part in our relationship.” Her best friend (30) said it’s been hard seeing her friend cry so much. “I’ve fasted and prayed, but whatever is happening is beyond prayer. “I hope she finds help,” she said. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said this is usually hard to remove and will be even harder to remove after all these years. “She can still get help, but it will take time to be completely gone,” he said. 