ONLY 90 minutes of football stands between Kaizer Chiefs and history! A clean sheet against Wydad Athletic will be enough to see Amakhosi through to the finals of the Caf Champions League for their first ever appearance. With the 1-0 win in Casablanca on Saturday, not only did they record a massive victory, but Arthur Zwane’s charges put one foot in the final, drawing lots of confidence in the process. But it is not over yet. “We came here to do the business and we did exactly that. We are happy with the result, but we know it’s not yet over. We have the second leg back home in Johannesburg and we will try and finish it off there,” said Zwane. “We still have another 90 minutes to play, make sure, we keep another clean sheet and make sure that we get another goal to wrap it up at home,” said Zwane. Together with a fellow interim coach, Dillon Sheppard, Zwane could make history by becoming the first ever coach to guide Chiefs to the Champions League final. The two might be fairly new to the tournament, but they sure know how to play Champions League matches. The heroics of Bruce Bvuma could not be understated. The goalie’s Man-of-the-Match performance ensured Amakhosi head back home holding a slight advantage, as he at times single-handedly kept his team in the game with several crucial saves. “I told him (Bruce Bvuma) to make sure we don’t concede and it will go a long way, especially for his career. And it happened exactly how we planned it. Maybe that is why he broke down after the game because he was obviously happy not to concede,” Zwane said. “We’ve done what we came here for. We kept a clean sheet and we wanted a goal or two. The one is okay. They will open up a bit when they come to play us and we will try and punish them. We have another 90 minutes and it will be difficult. We were very disciplined and we hope to keep a clean sheet at home as well.” Samir Nurkovic scored the all-important solitary goal. Nurkovic had been identified as the biggest threat by WAC, leading up to the match. At home, he will be buoyed to pick up where he left off and take the Soweto giants to the final.