GOLDEN Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi is delighted after he was nominated for the DStv Premiership Coach of the Season award. Ncikazi was nominated for the 2020-21 award alongside AmaZulu’s Benni McCarthy and the Mamelodi Sundowns duo of Manqoba Mngqithi and Rulani Mokwena. With limited resources and without any big name players, high-flying Arrows have been one of the big surprise teams of the season under their rookie coach. With the season approaching its finale and with Sundowns having already clinched the title, Arrows have done brilliantly. When they beat Orlando Pirates 2-0 at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in February, it was the first time Arrows beat the Soweto giants by two goals. In February, Arrows claimed the Q2 Innovation after winning five games, drawing one and losing the other. They were the first KZN club to achieve this feat before AmaZulu won the Q3 Innovation earlier this month. “Good player performances make good coaches and I feel honoured and blessed to be among a group of hard working, honest and good players,” said Ncikazi “I want to thank each one of them for their efforts. They’ve created their own history within the club. I can’t ask for more as a coach. It’s a great feeling.” The nomination, according to Ncikazi, brings a smile because it has a touch of the KwaZulu-Natal. Ncikazi was KZN-born Mngqithi’s assistant coach at Arrows when Abafana Bes’Thende won the MTN8 in 2009. McCarthy, who arrived at Usuthu last December, has taken AmaZulu to second on the table. The former Bafana Bafana striker won the last two Coach of the Month awards. “Whether, it’s Benni, Manqoba or me, the common denominator is the province of KZN and Ethekwini,” said Ncikazi who was fired by Maritzburg United in the 2015-16 season after failing to win in any of his five games in charge. “I hope this is the beginning of good things to come for our team. The standard of football in the Premiership keeps on rising and next season will be even more challenging.” Arrows’ final game of the season will be against Stellenbosch at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday (3pm).