An
Ekurhuleni metro police officer has described how he and his colleagues came
under attack from an unruly crowd, during which a civilian was shot dead. On
Thursday, Constable Hezekiel Matyobeni told the Gauteng High Court in
Johannesburg that he was present when Sibusiso Amos was fatally wounded on 29
March 2020 in Vosloorus. Matyobeni,
attached to the EMPD Swat Intervention Unit, said he and his colleagues were on
duty that day to enforce Covid-19 Level 5 lockdown regulations. On that
day, Matyobeni was armed with his service Glock17 pistol and a shotgun. The shotgun
was later used, allegedly by murder accused Siphiwe Ndlovu, to kill Amos. It's
alleged that Ndlovu, who was employed as a security guard, used live rounds
instead of rubber bullets when firing at Amos. The court
earlier heard evidence that Amos was shot at close range by live ammunition
fired from Matyobeni's shotgun. The gun was
also brought to court as evidence. "As
the owner of the shotgun, I am the one who loaded about six or seven rubber
bullets into it. I loaded it when we started the lockdown enforcement
operation. We were each given two boxes of rubber bullets to use. "The
operation started in Katlehong, Thokoza and ended in Vosloorus under the
instructions of our seniors. We then stopped at a certain home in Vosloorus,
where we found people drinking liquor. "As we
entered the house, it was packed with patrons. When they saw us, they became
frightened, and some fled in different directions. Others charged and attacked
us with bottles, chairs and other objects at their disposal," said
Matyobeni. He said his
objective at the time was to arrest at least one person and he managed to do
so. "I
went inside the house and managed to pull him out, where a crowd of people
threw stones at me. I was forced to let go of him because I wanted to vacate
the area. While fleeing for cover, I think I fired my shotgun approximately
twice on the ground to disperse the unruly crowd. Matyobeni
said: "As I took cover behind one of our cars, a stone hit on my knee and
I fell. Four men approached me as I was kneeling. One kicked me so hard in my
private parts that I fell onto my chest, and the shotgun slipped [out] of my
hands." He claimed
that as he fought with the four men, he heard gunshots ring out. He was
later rescued by Ndlovu, who dragged him to his car. Matyobeni
said his hands, knees and private parts were injured. He said he was never
taken for medical care. "Later
that day, I reported my injuries to my seniors. Instead of taking me to
hospital, I was arrested and later released," said Matyobeni. He claimed
that he didn't know how Ndlovu accessed his shotgun. The matter
was postponed to 8 June for closing arguments. SOURCE:
NEWS24 