PARENTS from Ekurhuleni School for the Deaf are tired of
being threatened while their kids suffer. The kids and parents downed tools on Friday and monday, to
protest against the school’s alleged misconduct. A parent, whose name is known to the people’s paper,
explained the difficulties experienced by kids in the school, especially the boarding
section. “I am not happy with our children’s living conditions. We
pay R600 for boarding and R280 for fees, yet our children don’t even have
chairs to sit on while eating,” said the mum. She explained that they sat on the cold floor when they were
eating. “This school gets funding from government and other
sponsors. There’s even businesses paying for rental, but our children get meals
that are not nutritional twice a day. On a good day, they get two slices of
bread and juice for supper,” she added. She said although parents paid school fees, the kids
survived on what they received from the feeding scheme only. “We really need help because we don’t know what to do. The
boarding mothers don’t even have a decent cupboard to store their clothes –
they keep them in plastic bags in the kitchen,” she said. She said hostel mothers used the kitchen stove and a loaned
heater to heat up the place. “These still don’t make a difference because the area is
open with no carpets. In the same cottage, 16 pupils share one toilet, shower
and bath with hostel mothers. There’s no TV or designated area for homework.” The mum said the kids were threatened with expulsion if they
reported their living conditions. “Even some of us fear that our kids will be victimised if we
speak out. Our previous SGB chairman, who questioned the school’s finances and
starvation of our children, was fired. After many years of attendance, the
district told him that his son was not a candidate of the school and that it
was referring him to another one, just to silence him.” She was pleading with the Department of Basic Education to
intervene and for a thorough investigation to take place. The Gauteng Education Department sent some of its officials
to the school to investigate and calm the protests. Spokesperson for the
Department, Steve Mabona, said: “We just want to make sure that we attend to
all the concerns that were raised. We have met with some of the parents and
school management. Our district officials were there just to understand what
issues were put on the table.” Discussions with the school principal are said to have seen
no progress for the past two weeks. Protests began on Friday and calmed down
but continued on Monday. Mabona said that some things raised were justified and could
be managed better at the school.