SOCIAL media streets were left buzzing on Tuesday, 29 June, after the Constitutional Court found former president Jacob Zuma guilty of contempt of court, sentencing him to 15 months of direct imprisonment. Zuma faced contempt of court charges after disobeying a court order to testify before the Zondo Commission. Social media was flooded with different reactions to the ruling, with many Zuma critics citing the judgment as a victory for the rule of law. Politicians also took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the judgement. ActionSA leader Herman Mashaba called for President Cyril Ramaphosa to do the right thing. “Zuma shouldn’t receive benefits from taxpayers for another day,” he tweeted. “Someone who undermines our constitution and rule of law should not receive a cent from law-abiding South Africans.” This is indeed a victory for all South Africans that have become gatvol with those who have looted our country with impunity.Finally, #JacobZuma will find himself where he belongs – behind bars.https://t.co/6x9lCE9I9o Mmusi Maimane said: “Constitutional supremacy, that was the struggle for freedom. A historic moment in our nation! It’s now Bheki Cele versus Zuma.” Constitutional supremacy, that was the struggle for Freedom. A historic moment in our nation! It’s now Bheki Cele versus Jacob Zuma! Msholozi also received enormous support from MKMVA spokesman Carl Niehaus, who said the sentence is outrageous and unacceptable. ALSO READ: MASHABA: FINALLY, ZUMA WILL BE WHERE HE BELONGS! “The imprisonment of Zuma is totally unacceptable. In fact, it’s an utter outrage!” he tweeted. The imprisonment of @PresJGZuma is totally unacceptable. In fact it is an utter outrage! Now it is our revolutionary democratic right and duty to register our outrage, and resistance to this, in no uncertain terms, and we will! ???100% Behind Msholozi! ???#HandsOffMsholozi! ??? pic.twitter.com/tNMfBqi2wB “Now it’s our revolutionary democratic right and duty to register our outrage, and resistance to this, in no uncertain terms, and we will! We’re 100% behind Msholozi!” Response to the outrageous, and fundamentally unacceptable 15 month prison sentence that was imposed by the #ConstitutionalCourt on @PresJGZuma.#HandsOffMsholozi! ??? pic.twitter.com/hK7EB9jJU5 Ordinary South Africans also shared their views on the ruling. @SithaleKgaogelo said: “Another thing, you can’t be a young person complaining about corruption but still defend Zuma, who’s trying to run away from accountability. All these thieves must account. He’s not above the law.” Another thing, you can't be a young person complaining about corruption but still defend Zuma who is trying to run away from accountability. All these thieves must account. He is not above the law!! #JacobZuma Then @ZuluBongaSA tweeted: “It’s the current government of the ANC that’s sending Zuma to jail. That said, it’s actually the state president that’s allowing and ensuring that it happens. This is bigger than Covid-19, history will remember this.” It's the current government of the ANC that's sending President Jacob Zuma to Jail, that must be said, it's actually the STATE President that's allowing and ensuring that happensThis Is Bigger that Covid-19 PandemicHistory Will Remember This#ConCourt #JacobZuma