Rapper Cassper Nyovest and Drip Footwear’s Root Of Fame line will now be launched next week. The new line’s launch was meant to take place in Sandton, Joburg, on Monday, 28 June but was postponed due to the country being placed on level 4 of lockdown. They said: “In light of out president’s latest address taking us back to lockdown level 4, it’s with great sadness that we have postpone the Root of Fame launch.” “In support of government’s concern for our health and safety, we kindly ask that you remain home and protected, following all regulations set by our president.” Cassper later tweeted that they had found a great idea to launch the new line. ALSO READ : IT’S A GOOD CHALLENGE! He wrote: “#RootOfFame will be launching next week. Me and the team came up with a dope idea!!! Look out for more details on the timeliness. Dope to have a dope team!!! Adapt or die!!!” The partnership between Cassper and Drip is a R100 million equity partnership deal they signed three weeks ago at an exclusive event. On Monday, Drip was also celebrating a year since it opened its first store in Newtown. The founder, Lekau Sehoana, shared the news on Twitter and said they now have 12 stores. “On this day a year Ago, we opened @DRIPFootWear’s first Retail Store at Newtown Junction. 12 Months later, we have 12 Stores and 80+ Employees,” he wrote. “We have also been Nominated at the Retail Design & Development Awards for showing innovation through design for our Retail Stores.” Today was supposed to be a good day. .@familytreeworld @rootoffame pic.twitter.com/gkj9efqstk #RootOfFame will be Launching next week. Me and the team came up with a dope idea!!! Look out for more details on the timeliness. Dope to have a dope team!!! Adapt or die!!! On this day a Year Ago, we opened @DRIPFootWear's first Retail Store at Newtown Junction. 12 Months later, we have 12 Stores and 80+ Employees. We have also been Nominated at the Retail Design & Development Awards, for Showing Innovation through design for our Retail Stores. pic.twitter.com/fcT37WCS4T 