THE NPA’s Investigating Directorate got its victory in court. This after former Transnet board member and Gupta family associate Iqbal Sharma was denied bail. Sharma appeared in the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 8 June for bail. Opposing his bail, the ID told the court Sharma is a flight risk and failed to disclose he’d transferred R264 459 241 million to Issar Global Company, based in the United Arab Emirates, between 22 August and 8 December 2016. The directorate told the court Sharma’s South African assets accounted for 10% of his total assets. Lead prosecutor Advocate Peter Serunye said Sharma had made more than 100 flights to and from airports in the UAE since 2010. He said he’s a citizen of the world and with connections to several foreign countries. “He additionally speaks three different international languages – French, Urdu and Hindi,” he said. Magistrate Estelle de Lange denied Sharma bail, stating he’s a flight risk. Sharma, arrested last Wednesday along with three others, is expected back in court on 5 July. While Peter Thabethe, Limakatso Moorosi and Seipati Dhlamini, formerly with former Free State agriculture and rural development, were granted R10 000 bail each, Sharma will remain in police custody. The accused face charges of fraud and money laundering, and the former government officials are also charged with contravention of the Public Finance Management Act. According to the directorate’s spokeswoman Sindisiwe Seboka, Sharma was among 16 other accused facing charges relating to defrauding the Free State agriculture department. She said the fraud was in connection with a R25 million feasibility study in 2011 that was irregularly granted to Nulane Investment 204 (Pty) Ltd, a company owned and controlled by Sharma. “The company had to provide a report to the department within seven months. Nulane, however, subcontracted the work to Deloitte Consulting (Pty) Ltd for R1,5 million,” she said. “Furthermore, it subcontracted the work already completed by Deloitte to Gateway Limited and paid over R19 million.” Seboka said from there funds were diverted to Islandsite Investments 180 (Pty) Ltd (Islandsite), a company owned and controlled by the Gupta family. The fifth suspect in the matter, Iqbal Sharma’s brother-in-law and representative of Nulane Investments Dinesh Patel, would formally appear on 15 June owing to health reasons. “The balance of the accused listed in the charge sheet are not currently in South Africa. The directorate has concluded investigations, is ready to hand over the docket to the defence and start trial as soon as possible,” she said.