JACOB ZUMA will be spending the next 15 months of his life inside a prison cell.And according to his daughter, she’ll be escorting him to prison to serve this, his first sentence.The Constitutional Court found Zuma guilty of contempt for failing to comply with the order to appear at the Zondo Commission. The court gave the order in January. Delivering the judgment on Tuesday, acting Chief Justice Sisi Khampepe said no one was above the law. She said the Constitutional Court went to great lengths to safeguard Zuma’s rights, but he chose to continue attacking the judiciary. She said Zuma’s disdain for the Constitutional Court and judiciary carried the risk of inspiring others to defy court orders. “The majority (of judges) finds itself faced with little choice but to send a resounding message that this kind of recalcitrant and defiance is unlawful and will be punished.” Khampepe said the judiciary must rely on moral authority to fulfil its mandate. “On this basis, an unsuspended order of committal is the only appropriate sanction.” Khampepe said Zuma repeatedly said he’d rather be imprisoned than comply with the summons and court order. She said he blatantly violated the court order. “The court can do nothing but conclude that Zuma is guilty of the crime of contempt of court,” she said. Khampepe said Zuma went on the offensive and scandalised the courts. “Never before has the authority and legitimacy of the Constitutional Court been subjected to the kinds of attacks that Zuma has elected to launch against it and its members.” She said the Zuma matter was not normal as it concerned the protection of the authority of the judiciary to do its work. Khampepe said society was interested in Zuma testifying at the Zondo Commission, given that it was under his presidency that the alleged state capture took place. She gave Zuma five days to present himself to the Nkandla cop shop or Joburg central cop shop to ensure he is immediately delivered to a correctional centre to start serving the sentence. “In the event that Zuma does not submit himself to the South African Police Services as required, the minister of police and national police commissioner must within three calender days of the expiry of period take all steps necessary and permissible in law to ensure Zuma is delivered to a correctional centre in order to commence serving the sentence imposed,” said Khampepe. He was also ordered to pay costs. Meanwhile, the ANC called on its members to remain calm as it studies Zuma’s judgment, saying the National Executive Committee would reflect on the ruling. Party spokesman Pule Mabe acknowledged that the ruling placed the party in an awkward position. Asked whether the party supported the ruling, all Mabe could say was: “As the governing party, we further reaffirm our commitment to uphold the rule of law and fulfil the aspirations of our constitutional democracy.” Predictably, the uMkhonto we Sizwe Military Veterans Association (MKMVA), a known Zuma supporting structure, said it was outraged by the ruling and called on members to rise and register their outrage. But MKMVA spokesman Carl Niehaus did not elaborate how people could an register their outrage. Zuma’s daughter, Dudu Zuma-Sambudla, hinted in a tweet that her father has accepted his fate and would hand himself over.