ACTOR Clement Maosa has taken to social media to remember his late parents, Tlou and Mosima Maosa. The Skeem Saam actor, who’s always spoken about how he grew up without parents, took to Instagram to write about his parents’ passing and life after that. He posted a picture of his parents at their engagement celebration. He said shortly after the celebration, they had health issues. Clement said he couldn’t mourn their parents because of accusations and allegations about how they died. “This was their engagement celebration before the wedding and immediately after the celebration. They both started having health issues, then eventually passed on a year later,” he said. “I was young but I heard all kinds of accusations/allegations from everyone – community members, family, church people and passersby – about the cause of their deaths. “As a teenager I was confused and a family war erupted and we didn’t even get the time to grieve or mourn as everything happened so fast.” ALSO READ : DJ SBU: I LOST IT ALL! The actor said he and his siblings had to move because of the stories. “The only solution was to relocate with my siblings from that village, switch off the noise and somehow start afresh. Healing is a process and no one should predict when and how to deal with it,” he wrote. Clement said at some point he believed that had his parents not had a big wedding, they would still be alive. “The fact that two domestic workers who were already written off were now emerging in business and had a white wedding in the village didn’t sit well with many for some weird reason. “At some point I believed had they not got married and had a huge wedding celebration, they would still be alive. Anyway it’s all in the past now. I’m just rewriting history, that’s all.” Shared post on Time Microbeads are banned but iptv4sat out for the new - Daily Mail  Last month, the actor posted a photo of the woman who’d taken him and his siblings in after their parents died. He said she gave them the greatest love they could have ever asked for.