MISS South Africa 2020 Shudufhadzo has thanked her great-grandmother as part of her Forbes Woman African Leading Women Summit talk. The 24-year-old beauty queen spoke about how much her granny influenced her and the things she advocates for. In a video she posted on Instagram, Shudufhadzo shared the most endearing moment with her great-grandmother, where she said she taught her social justice. “My most endearing memory is of my great-grandmother, my kuku, the matriarch of the Musida family,” she said. “I must’ve been five or six when she first invited me to sit with her while she pounded the ground nuts in her back yard.” Shudu said her education started the day she stayed with her great granny. She said she’s the one who taught her how to think and gave her a voice. “I remember on that day we were sitting under a tree and she began to impart the knowledge that she’d learnt throughout her lifetime,” said the beauty queen. “She taught me the importance of using my voice, how I needed to be heard, how I had to use it, respectfully and knowledgeably. ALSO READ : BABES HAPPY TO BE MRS MAMPINTSHA! “First know and understand, then talk, she would say to me.” She said her grandmother taught her to stand up for other people. “She emphasised the importance of standing up for myself, but not only for myself but other people too. People who have been wronged, embarrassed, humiliated and mistreated. I learnt social justice on my kuku’s knee,” she said. Shudu said she also taught her the importance of education. “She gave me my voice, she helped shape the thoughts behind the voice that I use today. My great grandmother was an amazing woman. “She made me realise that I wanted to use my voice against injustice. To speak out for those who cannot speak for themselves.” She said her granny died in 2008 and she was inconsolable, but she made a promise that she would use her voice for good. “I think that’s why I’m so passionate about mental health. I want to use my voice to speak about mental health issues, to put them in the spotlight. “For too long people that suffer from mental illnesses have been labelled as crazy, ignored or even worse, vilified and tormented. “I want to remove the stigma associated with people suffering from depression and anxiety and a host of many other mental health issues. “I want to start a conversation around this topic to move it from being a subject that’s taboo to one that is openly and honestly discussed in a public forum. “I want to use my voice for mental health. I hope she’s proud of me. In fact, I know she’s proud of me.”  A post shared by Shudufhadzo Musid?a ???? (@shudufhadzomusida) 