Actor Khanyisani Kheswa is tired of haters invading his Facebook inbox. He said most of them ask for short cuts to get into the acting industry. The actor, who plays the lead role of Mzi in Mzansi Magic’s Vula Vala, said they insult him when he tries to guide them. “You guys are making my life difficult. I get a lot of inboxes with people asking for guidance on how to become an actor. Obviously, I’d ask questions to establish if that person has passion and education. Most of these people would tell me the last time they acted was in high school. Well, that is not enough in this industry. Therefore, I usually advice these aspirant actors to do at least a short course in acting,” he wrote on his Facebook page. Khanyisani said they don’t want to take that advice but instead insist on short cuts. “For me once you insist on short cuts I keep quiet, and that’s when I get insulted,” he wrote. “I wish people can understand that I didn’t get here through short cuts. No one did me a favour. I worked hard. When my colleagues were getting roles I was sitting at home waiting for my turn. I’m therefore pleading with you to respect our craft. As from now, I shall not be entertaining your inboxes because I’m obviously inviting trouble,” he said. ALSO READ | CELEBS SLAM EC COP IN VIRAL VIDEO! Many of his followers supported his decision. “Block them because they are undermining your craft. They probably think TV is a joke,” wrote Mhlengi. Arigato Gozaimasu commented: “I know the story, bro. You tell them to attend workshops they don’t want to.” Sbusiso Makhaye said: “We are actually fortunate to have a celebrity like you, who takes his time to respond to us. Most celebrities do not respond to us.” Khanyisani acted alongside Sello Maake kaNcube and Tina Jaxa on Vula Vala, which he described as his big break. Speaking to Daily Sun, he said: “Initially I thought people were asking for genuine help and that’s why I entertained them. But I’ve since realised that these people are just testing me. I’ve now decided to block them.”