SUSPENDED ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule had ample opportunity to make representations on why he should not be suspended in a series of leadership meetings that he was party to, but never made use of the opportunities. This was the submission of Advocate Wim Trengove for the ANC during Magashule’s bid to challenge the suspension. In the defence of the party’s decision to suspend Magashule, Trengove punched holes in the suspended secretary-general’s legal presentations on Thursday that he was not given an opportunity to make representations and the move was unconstitutional. Trengove submitted that Magashule was part of the national executive committee (NEC) that adopted guidelines that led to his suspension, and was aware that this decision would have adverse consequences for him, yet he did not raise any objections. Magashule was also part of the national working committee meeting which on the instructions of the NEC, took a decision to suspend him. In addition, he was part of the top six meeting that decided on his suspension and again, he did not take this opportunity that Trengove said was presented to him, as revealed by deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte. “The suspended employee was not merely afforded an opportunity to state his case. But he actively participated in the decision-making process of the structure when it decided on his suspension,” argued Trengove, countering the defence submission that Magashule was not afforded an opportunity to present his case before a decision was taken. He added that even though the opportunity was not presented to him in a normal disciplinary action but via decision-making structures, this was enough opportunity. Trengove also shot down the argument by Advocate Dali Mpofu for Magashule that he was not afforded the innocent-until-proven-guilty rule, arguing that it didn’t apply in civil cases but rather criminal cases. Even then, the court would have to establish the natural justice if this argument was to be made. Trengove further submitted that the Constitutional Court in the Ramakatsa matter which Mpofu relied on heavily in his submissions, also ruled that members would participate in party of their choices according to its constitution. Therefore, he argued, the party would have the right to suspend members who were in violation of its conduct, such as was the case with Magashule, whom he submitted was not honest in his submissions, labelling them wrong in law. This was in reference to Magashule’s submissions on his suspension of President Cyril Ramaphosa when he became aware that he was about to be suspended. Trengove argued that Magashule used the same rule 25.70 that he was contending as unconstitutional to suspend Ramaphosa. He also said Magashule had no authority to suspend as his position, according to ANC constitution, was to relay party communications to members and the public. Earlier, Advocate Mahlape Sello for Magashule had argued that Ramaphosa’s suspension by Magashule should be deemed valid because he had the power to suspend as instructed by the NEC.