IT WASN’T just a screaming match between two angry neighbours. It was a full-on battle involving weapons, nails and teeth. And now both women are walking around with painful injuries. AND IT’S ALL BECAUSE OF TWO MUMS FIGHITNG OVER A TOY COP CAR! The women have been sharing the same yard since last year, and they’ve shared chores as well. But then came the battle over a lost toy car. . . The women hit each other, bit each other, and even threw bricks at each other!  Kgaugelo Manyako (33) of Mamelodi extension 20, Tshwane said the problems started in November last year when their kids fought while playing in the yard. She said the other woman, Zenzile Tembo (28), told her she’d beat her four-year-old because he didn’t know how to play with other children. But Kgaugelo said Zenzile went too far on Tuesday. Her son came home without his beloved police toy car. He said he’d left it with a friend, the woman’s son. “I told my son not to leave toys with other people because they get lost. I went to Zenzile’s shack and asked for the toy,” said Kgaugelo. “Instead of handing it to me she dropped it on the ground and slammed the door.” Kgaugelo apparently protested that this was the wrong way to go about things. “Before I knew it she’d opened the door and was on top of me and hitting me.” She said Zenzile attacked her with a paving brick. She said: “She hit me on the shoulder with a paving brick and bit my finger. The pain is unbearable. The violent woman also pulled my dreads! “Kgaugelo went to Stanza Bopape Clinic in Mamelodi East, where she was treated. Kgaugelo started living in the yard in May last year and Zenzile started renting in October last year. Kgaugelo’s sister, Christina, (29) said: “I’m angry. I want to see this woman arrested and we’re planning to go to the police station soon.” Kgaugelo’s husband, Kgomotso Soulo, (33) said he stays at home to protect his wife. But the two women are both sorry and want to make peace. Zenzile said: “We have children and share jokes. I want us to solve this thing because we live in the same yard.” She said they were both injured. According to Zenzile, Kgaugelo fought with her and she fought back. “I overpowered her. We bit each other. I was hurt. She likes to make kids’ matters hers,” she said. Landlord Sammy Mashao (33) said: “I heard there was a fight and someone was hit with a brick.” The two women told Daily Sun they’d solve the problem. . 