PITSO “Jingles” Mosimane is on the verge of reaching his third Caf Champions League final. This after the South African tactician guided Al Ahly to a 1-0 away win in their semi-final against Tunisian giants Esperance. Mosimane’s Red Devils head into the second leg in Cairo on Saturday (9pm) with a slight advantage and one foot in the final. The defending champions, led by former Mamelodi Sundowns coach Mosimane, could face Kaizer Chiefs in the final. The Glamour Boys also have an advantage over Moroccan giants Wydad Athletic Club in their semi-final after a shock 1-0 away win. Chiefs are chasing their maiden Champions League title, while Mosimane is looking to bag his second title with Ahly and his third overall. He guided his former side Sundowns to title back in 2016 before doing the same with Ahly last season. Jingles became only the third coach after Argentine Oscar Fullone and Egyptian Mahmoud el Gohary to win the Champions League title with two clubs. He is now hoping to become only the second coach in the competition’s history to win three or more titles. He would be following in the footsteps of former Red Devils coach Manuel Jose, who has won four Champions League titles. Mosimane, who takes inspiration from the legendary Portuguese coach, insists that he doesn’t look too far ahead. “For me, I am not chasing glory and records,” said Mosimane. “You must focus on the process and Al Ahly is a big team. There are big coaches who have done more than me with the club like Manuel Jose.” Mosimane is not getting ahead of himself and has ensured that his players stay focused heading into their second leg against the Blood and Gold. “I made sure to tell the players that we still have not qualified for the final,” added Mosimane. “Al Ahly and Esperance have a long history of games which prove that winning the first leg doesn’t mean that you’ll qualify to the final. “We still have a game to play in Cairo and that is what captain Mahmoud El Khatib and Al Ahly’s president, said to the players after the game. Moreover, we respect Esperance and their head coach, as they are a big team in Africa.”