A
Mpumalanga man who won the R30 million Lotto jackpot in April has finally come
forward to claim his prize and he plans to use a huge chunk of it to uplift his
community. The
73-year-old millionaire told national lottery operator Ithuba that he was so
busy, he forgot to check his Lotto ticket, saying: I'm over
the moon. I want to enjoy my winnings with my family and close friends. My
family and I have a lovely home, and my wife recently purchased a new car. The
winnings will go towards paying off all my debt and providing financial support
to my extended family. He added
that he intended to use a portion to uplift his community. "I
want to donate money to schools in the rural areas and in townships of Mpumalanga
to afford the youth better education opportunities," he said. He spent
R80 on a ticket at a Builders Express store in Middelburg, Mpumalanga. Trevor
Perumal, commercial vice-president of Builders, said: "This is an
incredible milestone for Builders Warehouse. We are excited for the big jackpot
winner that played Lotto in our Middleburg store. Better "Our
purpose is to provide our customers with solutions that save them time, money
and help them live better. The availability of the national lottery amongst the
other services we offer in our stores, is a true embodiment of that purpose. We
look forward to working together with Ithuba to surprise and delight more of
our customers." The 73-year
old winner said he did not intend to make any big lifestyle changes. "I'm
not a big spender. Despite my new millionaire status, I'm not planning on
making any drastic changes to my life," he added. Ithuba CEO,
Charmaine Mabuza, congratulated the winner and said they were happy to produce
another multi-millionaire this year. "This
money could not have gone to a more deserving winner. We are excited to see
many of our players opting to play the national lottery at the different
authorised national lottery retailers. Our players come from all walks of life
and are spread out across all provinces," Mabuza added. SOURCE:
NEWS24