THE best performers in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) are set to be rewarded after a season of excellence. The PSL awards will take place on Sunday at 8pm, and it comes as no surprise that DStv Premiership champions Mamelodi Sundowns dominate the list of nominees. The Brazilians, on the back of their fourth straight league title, have attracted nominations in multiple categories, including the Footballer of the Season and Coach of the Season. Their star duo of Peter Shalulile and Themba Zwane are nominated for three accolades each for their consistent displays this season as they led Downs to their 11th Premiership title overall. Shalulile, in what is his maiden season with Sundowns having joined the Tshwane giants from the now defunct Highlands Park, is up for the PSL Footballer of the Season, Player’s Player of the Season and Nedbank Cup Player of the Tournament awards. The 27-year-old striker, who has scored 13 goals, is also still alive in the race for this season’s PSL Golden Boot accolade which he won in the 2019-20 campaign. His teammate Zwane could also be a big winner on Sunday as he is also nominated for three awards, the PSL Footballer of the Season, Player’s Player of the Season and Midfielder of the Season accolades. Zwane will be looking to retain the three awards he won last season. Sundowns also have the likes of Rivaldo Coetzee, Mosa Lebusa and Denis Onyango, who are nominated for the PSL Midfielder of the Season, Defender of the Season and Goalkeeper of the Season gongs, respectively. Thabiso Kutumela of Maritzburg United, however, will be one of the players looking to spoil the Downs party as he is also in the running for the PSL Footballer of the Season and the Player of the Season awards. Kutumela, with 12 league goals to his name, has been immense for the Team of Choice despite their struggles this season as they battled against relegation. Meanwhile, AmaZulu’s Benni McCarthy and Mandla Ncikazi of Golden Arrows, whose KwaZulu-Natal sides have punched above their weight this season, will hope to pip Sundowns co-coaches Manqoba Mngqithi and Rhulani Mokwena. On the other hand, Soweto giants Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs only have three players combined in the list of nominees, with Bucs duo Deon Hotto and Ben Motshwari vying for the MTN8 Last Man Standing award. Chiefs youngster Njabulo Blom will be hoping to bring home the Nedbank Cup Young Player of the Tournament award.