THE behaviour of Mamelodi Sundowns resembles that of a scorned lover unable to deal with a breakup. Nearly a year since Pitso Mosimane left, Masandawana are still stuck in a relationship which has long ended. First, it was the hotheads who made Mosimane’s return to Mzansi a nightmare two weeks ago when they blocked the Al Ahly team bus ahead of their Champions League fixture at Lucas Moripe Stadium, while hurling profanities at their ex-coach and his family. The insults, directed at Mosimane, not only exposed the idiots for who they are. But the subsequent apology from Downs, the type which can only be acceptable to the confrontational Pan African Parliament members, showed the club were not particularly disturbed by the despicable behaviour of their fans. To add to the simmering tension, Sundowns sent Mosimane summons demanding to be paid commission fee relating to his contract extension after he quit the Brazilians for Al Ahly last September last year. To that end, they filed papers seeking a court order to force Mosimane and his management team to pay back the money after he refused to do so. This, Mosimane’s team, perceived to be a sulky reaction after they slammed Sundowns for their failure to apologise directly to their ex-coach for the abuse he suffered. As video footage showed, the rogue fans singled out Mosimane for abuse and not the entire Al Ahly team, although everybody on board could have easily been caught in the crossfire, had the situation ended badly. But what these latest developments confirm is that Mosimane’s acrimonious departure still pains Sundowns and the blessings from ex-president Patrice Motsepe were not shared by everybody as the club. On several occasions, Motsepe had been quoted as saying he supported Mosimane and that he encouraged him to further stretch his wings and coach in North Africa or Europe. But the growing tensions barely reflect Motsepe’s well-wishes. They also reveal the wild anger some club officials seemingly still harbour after their most successful coach left. While Mosimane’s popularity continues to grow in Cairo, at home his success is seemingly creating him enemies.