Golden Arrows will aim for a third-place finish in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season when they host a Stellenbosch FC side aiming to secure their top-flight status at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in Clermont on Saturday. Kick-off is at 3pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Arrows’ hopes of ending in the top three suffered a major blow when they were beaten 3-2 at Kaizer Chiefs on Wednesday, (2 June). They must win this clash and hope Orlando Pirates lose in order to move up to the 'bronze medal' position. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed 24 points from 14 home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 3-0 win over TS Galaxy last month. "We are still on course, we want to finish as high as we can," said Arrows head coach Mandla Ncikazi following their defeat in Soweto. "We run our own race and we won't be side-tracked by Wednesday's results. "I think the players have done exceptionally well thus far, let's continue. Anything is still possible, but no matter what happens I am still very proud of the players." Stellenbosch remained just two points above the relegation playoff spot after they were held 0-0 at home by TS Galaxy on Wednesday. The Cape side have failed to win any of their last 11 league games. The Maroons have claimed 15 points from 14 away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 0-0 draw at Swallows FC last month. "A very hard fought point against Galaxy, the conditions weren't too easy. A lot to play for, we are playing for our lives so it was a very cagey affair against Galaxy who are fighting for a top eight finish," said Stellies head coach Steve Barker. "We seem to be crawling over the line. We were hoping to confirm our safety but it will go to the last match of the season. We have to go and fight for our survival. "We have kept three clean sheets in a row, but now it is just about finding a solution in front of goal to get the goal or two we need on Saturday," he added. In head-to-head stats, Stellenbosch and Arrows have met in three top-flight league matches since the 2019-20 season. Both the Maroons and Abafana Bes’thende have claimed one win, while one game has ended all-square. The Durban side's only previous home match in the rivalry ended in a 2-2 draw. When the teams met earlier this season, at Danie Craven Stadium in February 2021, Arrows claimed a 3-1 away win thanks to goals from Pule Mmodi and Michael Gumede (two). -SuperSport