Kaizer Chiefs youngster Kamohelo Hoala is already looking forward to the new season after winning the top goalscorer gong in the Premier Soccer League Awards. Hoala was one of the four players, Asanda Buthelezi [Maritzburg United], Boitumelo Radipane [Orlando Pirates] and Tahir Goedeman [Cape Town City FC], who shared the DStv Diski Challenge Rewired golden boot after finishing the campaign with six goals each player. He contributed to Amakhosi impressive journey in the tournament, where they set a record of six games winning streak. Unfortunately, Amakhosi were knocked out in the semifinal of the tournament 4-3 by eventual winners AmaZulu after playing to a 1-1 draw in regular time. Talking after getting the top scorer accolade, Hoala thanked the coaches and teammates for hard work. Hoala said: “I feel proud to have made the people proud. It is a good feeling to get this sort of recognition not only for me but also for the team. It shows that we have been working hard. It was not an easy season, but we gave our best. “We are trying to get better and better every day so that we can get the desired results. We are looking forward to the new season.” At the PSL Awards, which were held on Sunday night, there were also Diski Challenge graduates who were rewarded for their outstanding performances in the 2020-21 season. Baroka FC striker Evidence Makgopa who graduated from the Diski Challenge was rewarded with a Young Player of the Season Award. Makgopa scored impressive seven goals for Baroka in the DStv Premiership and provided assists to his teammates as Baroka managed to accumulate record points since the club was promoted to the elite league. Former SuperSport United striker Khanyisa Mayo, the son of former Kaizer Chiefs star Patrick Mayo, was also rewarded. Mayo is currently plying his trade in the GladAfrica Championship for Uthingathi FC. He won the Nedbank Cup most promising player of the tournament. He played a key role when his side dumped out Kaizer Chiefs out of the tournament and contributed to their quest to the top eight. -SuperSport