A PROJECTED R90 million will be used to demolish HM Pitje Stadium in Mamelodi, Tshwane in September. And the newly proposed development of the stadium, expected to end by 2023, will be a 30 000-seater facility, with a multi-purpose centre outside the main venue, at a projected budget of R1,3 billion. The Gauteng department of sport, owners of the historic facility that has now turned into a white elephant, has knuckled down into action with reconstructing the stadium in their quest to bring the venue to life. The venue was supposed to be the home of PSL side Mamelodi Sundowns. In their virtual presentation before the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Sport on Tuesday, the department, led by MEC Mbali Hlophe, said they have already kicked off the design and development stage of the facility. The cost to demolish the stadium was R70 million in 2019 and has now shot up to R90 million. It took a massive intervention by the portfolio committee in April to put pressure on the provincial government to put wheels in motion after years of delay in taking action on revamping the facility. In an interview with SunSport earlier this year, the portfolio committee’s member, Tsepo Mhlongo, said the stadium, which was turned into a pigsty and a hideout for criminals, has already cost R15 million, which was wasted on renovating it in preparation for the 2010 Fifa World Cup. SunSport has also learnt that multi-billionaire and Confederation of African Football (Caf) president, Patrice Motsepe, has been in talks with the department, with the hope of contributing towards the rebuilding phase of the stadium. Tshwane’s member of the mayoral committee (MMC) responsible for sport, arts and culture, Thabisile Vilakazi, said she’s comfortable with the action taken by the provincial government. “We are working together with them, including other proposed businessmen who would have an interest in the stadium,” said Vilakazi. Meanwhile, the department indicated that they are budgeting R270 million for the demolition of another dilapidated facility, Odi Stadium in Mabopane, also in Tshwane. A R150 million multi-purpose sports and recreation facility will be build on the site.