A ROAD Accident Fund (RAF) fraudster has been sentenced while an alleged fraudster in another case appeared in court. On Monday, 31 May an Eastern Cape doctor was sentenced to 36 months’ correctional supervision by the Gqeberha Specialised Commercial Crime Court. Dr Tony Moodley (66) was found guilty on multiple fraud charges amounting to R2,25 million. Captain Yolisa Mgolodela said the investigation revealed that Dr Moodley orchestrated RAF claims for 83 patients on 17 June 2007. “These patients were said to have been involved in a head-on collision that took place between two buses on 16 June 2007 at Walmer in Gqeberha. “The claims were lodged with the local attorneys who claimed on behalf of the passengers from RAF. Consequently, cash to the combined value of R2,25 million was paid out for all claimants,” Mgolodela said. Mgolodela said Moodley received kickbacks from the undeserving claimants. ALSO READ: POLITICAL KILLINGS HAVE CALMED DOWN! “Later on, Road Accident Fund uncovered some inconsistencies after looking at the order of events and reported the matter to the Hawks Serious Commercial Crime Investigation team in Gqeberha for a further probe which led to his arrest on 02 July 2015. “The doctor was released on warning the very same day,” Mgolodela added. Moodley was also sentenced to 576 hours of community service at Livingstone Hospital. In another court case, a 51-year-old suspect made a brief appearance before the Taung Magistrates Court on Wednesday, 2 June after being summoned for allegedly attempting to defraud the RAF of close to a million. “Following the death of his wife in a motor vehicle accident, the accused allegedly submitted fraudulent documents to RAF which stated that his deceased wife was the breadwinner of the family. “He alleged that as a result of her passing, they suffered a loss of financial support and submitted a claim to the tune of R900 000,” Captain Tlangelani Rikhotso said. He said investigations were conducted and it was revealed that the deceased was unemployed and not the breadwinner of the family as alleged. The case has been postponed to 18 August 2021 for a regional court appearance.