NOT a single student has enrolled at the Orkney Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Training College near Klerksdorp in over a year. This even though R16 million was budgeted for the college in North West. Daily Sun has learnt that during an oversight inspection of the facility by the provincial legislature’s portfolio committee on the Health Department last Thursday, it was discovered that lecturers sat outside as they had no students to tutor. Daily Sun also understood that the department submitted an annual performance plan to determine what would be budgeted for the financial year of 2021/2022. Then after inspection, the DA in North West said it would submit written questions to the MEC for Health Madoda Sambatha regarding the college that had now become a white elephant. DA Health spokesman Gavin Edwards said: “One of the reasons there are no students is because the facility does not qualify for accreditation. Therefore universities do not want to partner with it. The ablution facilities are unusable, student accommodation is dilapidated due to lack of maintenance and ceilings are collapsing. There’s no Internet connection, making it impossible for lecturers to do any online research and send or receive emails.” Edwards said since 2019, not a single student had graduated from the facility despite millions of rands being allocated every year. “We further find it highly irregular that principal Arthur Malgas is currently also acting as the director. This exposes the inadequate reporting lines within the department, which directly impact service delivery to the public.” Provincial Health spokesman Tebogo Lekgethwane said the college was currently operating, offering a variety of skills development courses for EMS officers, doctors and nurses employed by the department. “Training programmes currently accredited and offered include basic life support for healthcare providers, emergency medical dispatcher course, CPR for everyone and 12 medical rescue modules. Recently, there have been engagements with Sefako Makgatho University that received provisional accreditation and still needs to obtain final accreditation before it can apply to accredit our college as a satellite campus,” he said.