FORMER public enterprises minister Malusi Gigaba has admitted he called a meeting between a Gupta-linked airline and SAA to discuss a Joburg-Mumbai route. He told the Zondo Commission yesterday he did it because SAA was bleeding financially. He said SAA would not hold an annual general meeting for two years because of concerns raised by the auditor-general. Gigaba said this would have affected a number of other routes. He told the commission that Jet Airways, an Indian airline linked to the Guptas, sent him a request for a meeting regarding the route. He said he invited SAA so that it didn’t look like he was interfering and proposing a win-win situation for both airlines. He said on no occasion did he tell them how to resolve the problem, and SAA management had decided to pull out of the Mumbai route before 2010. He said Jet knew this and only approached him because they didn’t know that ministers don’t get involved in operational matters. Former SAA CEO Sizakele Mzimela told the commission that Gigaba gave SAA instructions to set up an urgent meeting with Jet Airways. Gigaba said: “I never said they should set up an urgent meeting. I said they needed a follow-up meeting to explore the issues Jet Airways were raising.” A follow-up meeting was held in January 2010, but no agreement was made. On 14 April 2011, Gigaba called SAA to a meeting to get a briefing on what had happened. Mzimela said this happened after she had sent a memorandum to Gigaba’s director-general to say SAA wasn’t interested. Gigaba denied he had anything to do with the resignation of 12 board members in 2012. He said he wasn’t involved in a meeting set up by his former special adviser, Siyabonga Mahlangu, with Rajesh Gupta and former Eskom CEO Brian Dames. Dames told Parliament the discussion included a request for a coal contract at a power station that didn’t require more coal. When asked why he said in the Fundudzi report that he had no relationship with the Guptas, Gigaba said it was because the question was vague. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo said he found the question straightforward and reminded him he had admitted to the inquiry that he was a friend of Ajay Gupta.