PROBLEMS are piling up for Royal AM! The embattled GladAfrica Championship outfit are expected to honour their promotion/ relegation play-off match against Richards Bay FC at Chatsworth Stadium today. Whether they will turn up or not, remains to be seen. But according to PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala, they will be expected on the pitch by kick-off time. Royal have already missed their opening play-offs fixture, which they forfeited when they failed to take to the field against Chippa United on Tuesday. According to the fixture list, they are hosting Bay in a third play-offs fixture for the 2020-21 season at Chatsworth Stadium today (3pm). “I don’t know what will happen tomorrow (today). But the match is still on as the fixture says,” Madlala told SunSport yesterday. Defiant Royal CEO Sinky Mnisi said they would not even go to the stadium for the Bay match. After the letter from Royal’s legal representatives‚ Mabuza Attorneys‚ was sent to the PSL on Tuesday, the club management instructed the players to leave the stadium. The letter claimed that playing the match would be against an earlier interdict that Johannesburg High Court Judge Nyathi AJ had granted. Judge Nyathi interdicted the end of season promotion/ relegation play-offs that were due to commence on 15 June 2021. “We do not have to play (promotion play-offs). We still remain at the top of the (GladAfrica Championship) log. That’s it! We are not going to the stadium tomorrow (today),” said Mnisi. Royal are fighting the PSL in the courts as they believe they are the rightful team to be promoted to the DStv Premiership, and not Sekhukhune FC. The club is contesting the ruling of Judge Roland Sutherland, who upheld a Safa Arbitration decision, which awarded Sekhukhune three points after they played their game against Polokwane City under protest, after their neighbours Rise and Shine failed to include five Under-23 players on their team, going against the rules of the Championship. The three points awarded to Sekhukhune saw the team ending top of the Championship table with 53 points, while Royal finished in second place with 51 – meaning they will have to fight their way into South Africa’s top-flight league via play-offs.