SERIAL rapist Thabiso Mathumba will spend the rest of his life in jail. The 37-year-old from Acornhoek near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, pleaded not guilty to his eight life term sentences with an additional 46-year imprisonment. He appeared before acting Judge Johanna Mthimunye in the Mpumalanga High Court in Mbombela on Monday, 28 June. State prosecutor Advocate Lihle Ngcobo told the court that the accused would accost unsuspecting victims walking on the street during late hours in Acornhoek. “He would hit them with a bottle on their face, point them with a firearm or stab them together with their companions, and then drag them to the bushes and forcibly rape them. In one incident, the victim was a 12-year-old whom he raped during daylight. He accosted her while she was on her way to the initiation school with her friends. He hit the friends and they ran away. He then dragged her to the bushes while hitting her. He raped her twice, and another complainant was sleeping in her house when he broke into it. He raped her in front of her minor siblings. We request the court not to deviate from the prescribed minimum sentences. Victims sustained physical injuries during their rape ordeals,” said Ngcobo. The crimes happened between 2014 and 2017, where he was an unknown suspect until arrested in 2019 after he raped a victim who was able to identify him. He was linked by Buccal DNA swabs to other crimes. He was found guilty on eight counts of rape, one of compelled rape, one of armed robbery, two of assault with grievous bodily harm, house breaking with intent to rape, pointing of firearm and one count of compelling children to witness sexual offence. During mitigation, he admitted that he committed the offences, blaming this on anger that was exacerbated by his parents’ separation when he was 27 years old. Mthimunye sentenced Mathumba to life imprisonment on each count of rape and 46 years imprisonment for other counts. His name was ordered to be entered into the national register for sexual offenders. He was further declared unfit to work with children and possess a firearm.