MANDLA Ncikazi hopes his decision of resigning as the Golden Arrows coach will be respected. Ncikazi didn’t sound angry at leaving the club whom he guided in the highest position in the club’s PSL history which was fourth place last season. The former Maritzburg United coach assumed the post in October last year after Steve Komphela stunned the nation when he resigned to join Mamelodi Sundowns a week before this past season started. But Ncikazi's departure came as a major surprise having worked wonders to the team that has little resources to compete with which surpassed the past two best finishes. “It’s a positive exit, full of great memories. I want to thank the chairlady (Mato Madlala) for everything that she has done for me and my football career,” said Ncikazi who spent 15 years at the club in various roles. “I’m grateful to the players, the team’s management, the technical team and support staff. Ukwanda kwaliwa umthakathi, izandla zundlula ikhatha (a wicked heart hates it when others succeed, thank you so much).” Ncikazi, 52, first joined Arrows in 2007 when he was roped in by Manqoba Mngqithi to be his assistant coach. Together they helped Arrows win the MTN8 trophy in 2009 when the Durban-based side thumped Ajax Cape Town 6-0, before leaving in 2012. He then re-joined the club in December 2015 after Arrows had appointed Clinton Larsen as the new coach. However, Larsen left on 27 December 2018, and Ncikazi remained. A day later Arrows appointed Komphela, a reunion between the two for the third time as they worked together previously at Free State Stars and Maritzburg United. Ncikazi, who has also worked at Arrows as assistant coach of Mark Harrison and Muhsin Ertugral, left not only the nation stunned but also the players with his sudden departure. However, the former African Wanderers player hopes his exit will be respected. “The contents of the meeting and discussions leading to this mutual decision will remain private as we agreed in the meeting, and I hope this section will be respected,” he said. “I wish all the best for the team going forward.”