WORKERS who were allegedly dismissed by Valoworx 266 in Rosslyn, north of Tshwane, gathered on Monday even though President Cyril Ramaphosa on Sunday night banned indoor and outdoor gatherings. The workers said their picket was influenced by starvation and suffering after they were dismissed by the company last June. The workers gathered not far from the company’s entrance to voice their grievances. They said they were told on 14 May by the company that they’re not allowed to come near the gate as the company had acquired a court order. The workers also said they’d been gathering outside the company’s gates since May last year, hoping to get their grievances resolved, but nothing had been done to fix the problem. They said over 60 workers were dismissed on 22 June 2020 because the company failed to pay the workers UIF Covid-19 TERS. Leader of the workers, Joseph Nkuna, said they were dismissed when they needed clarity about Covid-19 payments and to be employed permanently. The workers also said the company was changing labour brokers like capacity, impact and human resources. Joseph made allegations about racism, saying: “We’re experiencing racism as the company employs whites permanently and ignores promoting black people. “Black people have their own toilets and the white people have their own. When it rains we eat our food in toilets.” He said workers were not paid for public holidays and had no increments since 2019. “We’re feeling abused. We want this company to be investigated and put in order,” he said. Dismissed worker Mosibudi Koka (36) said: “Supervisors are sleeping with women and the women will sleep with them to protect their jobs.” Dismissed worker Thembi Nhlapo (40) said: “We need our jobs back and demand permanent jobs in the company. “We’ve worked for over five years under labour brokers and that must end.” Valoworx 266 chief operating officer Morne van Vuuren said: “I will be back next week after isolation as I’m suffering with Covid-19. Contact me then and I’ll see how and if I can help.”