NO
gatherings, indoors or outdoors, no sale of alcohol from bottle stores, taverns
or shebeens and no funeral night vigils as well as after tears would be
allowed. This
will be the life for the next 14 days for South Africans as President Cyril
Ramaphosa moved the country to alert level 4, saying the measures he announced
two weeks ago were simply not enough to curb the rising coronavirus infections. Ramaphosa
addressing the nation on Sunday night said these gatherings included,
political, social, cultural and religious but said public spaces such as
beaches and parks will remain open. However, no gatherings will be permitted in
these places. These
restrictions, which he said were meant to break the chain of transmission by
reducing person-to-person contact and thereby help to flatten the curve, come
into effect from Monday June 28. Restaurants
and other eateries will only be permitted to sell food for take-away or
delivery. The closure of schools and other educational institutions for the
winter holidays will be brought forward and by Wednesday will start closing and
by Friday they should completely be closed. “Contact
classes at tertiary institutions will end by Wednesday, 30th of June, with
limited access to the institutions. Residences will however remain open. The
Ministers of Basic Education & Higher Education, Science & Innovation
will provide further details on these arrangements,” he said. Ramaphosa
said due to the extent of infections in Gauteng, travel in and out of the
province for leisure purposes will be prohibited. This does not include work,
business or commercial travel, transit through airports or for the transport of
goods. However,
if you are a Gauteng resident and you are currently away, you will be allowed
back home. Likewise, if you are visiting the province,
you would be allowed to leave. Further
restrictions pertain to visiting old age homes, care facilities and other
‘congregant settings’ which he said will be restricted. The
president said the Ministerial Advisory Committee has been advised that the
limited restrictions previously imposed were not that effective and that a
prohibition will ease the pressure that is placed on hospital services by
alcohol-related emergency incidents. “The
sale of alcohol both for on-site and off-site consumption is prohibited. A
curfew will be in place from 9pm to 4am and all nonessential establishments
will need to close by 8pm. We
are now during a third wave of the COVID19 pandemic. We
may be tired of this persistent enemy, but it is not yet tired of us. The
threat to health and lives is evident as people become ill and some die,” said
Ramaphosa as explained what he said was a weighty matter which he was to
discuss with the nation. He
warned that a more contagious variant of the virus has hit the country and was
spreading like wildfire in five provinces. Now the variant, Delta, first
detected in India has hit Gauteng, Eastern Cape, Free State, KwaZulu-Natal and
Western Cape. He
said because this variant of the virus was much more contagious, the measures
that were in place to contain the spread of the virus may no longer be
sufficient to reduce transmission. “The
evidence we have is that the Delta variant is rapidly displacing the Beta
variant, which has been dominant in our country until now. “We
are in the grip of a devastating wave that by all indications seems like it
will be worse than those that preceded it. The peak of this third wave looks
set to be higher than the previous two,” he said. However,
he assured the nation that the vaccines the country is using are effective
against the delta variant even though he also revealed that those who had
recovered from the virus are at risk of being infected. Ramaphosa
also took a swipe at EFF leader Julius Malema without mentioning his name,
saying there were leaders who were misleading the nation about vaccines. He
also lashed out at the red berets attach at SAHPRA. “We
must remember that SAHPRA is an independent regulator that focuses only on
scientific evidence to ensure safety, quality and efficacy in the interest of
public health,” he said.