A MAN pretended to be interested in starting a relationship with her. But it seems he had ulterior motives as he allegedly raped her, leaving the transgender woman devastated. The 24-year-old from Meadowlands, Soweto, told Daily Sun the man asked her out on 13 June and she said yes. Things went great on the day they went out and the man suggested they go to his place as it was late. “He acted as if he had pure intentions and told me we wouldn’t do anything I wasn’t comfortable with,” she said. The woman said she took his word and was relieved that the man also lives in Meadowlands. “He locked the gate when we arrived and I thought he locked it because it was late.” She said when they got inside the house, the man’s mother locked the door, which made her suspicious. “I asked him why his mum locked the door and he laughed. He told me she was making sure we were safe,” she said. The woman said when they got to the man’s room, he started touching her inappropriately. “I told him to stop, but he didn’t and eventually raped me. He threatened to kill me and my family. He then acted as if everything was okay. He wanted to give me his jacket to be warm and I refused,” she said. She fortunately got the man’s address when she left and opened a case. She said she feared for her life as the man is still around the kasi. Her brother went to the police station when he found out about the incident. He said he was disappointed by how police dragged their feet when they wanted to report the case. “They treated us as if we were seeking special treatment. All I want is justice for my sister. This has torn her self-esteem and left her in a lot of pain,” he said. Gauteng police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele said a rape case was opened and is under investigation. Daily Sun spoke to Thamsanqa Moyo from Talk Your Truth organisation, who said the justice system was also failing the LGBTI+ community. “They always drag their feet when they have to assist us and this needs to stop.” He urged the victim to get professional help and said if she needed to talk, the organisation was there and would assist her.