STELLENBOSCH FC might be experiencing a wretched run of form in the DStv Premiership and are in danger of relegation but coach Steve Barker is not panicking. The 53-year-old mentor understands the gravity of the situation his side are in but insists it’s not a cause for huge concern. Barker believes his side should be able to manoeuvre their way out of danger in the remaining two matches of the season and hang on to their top flight status. Stellies are enduring a tough period at the wrong time of the season when they need to be at their best. They are currently on a 10-match winless run in the league which has seen them fall into the relegation dog fight. They have only managed to pick up six points out of a possible 30 and they occupy 14th spot on the Premiership table. They are five points ahead of bottom side Black Leopards and two better off than 15th placed Chippa United. Barker, however, is encouraged by the fact that their fate is in their own hands and they intend to fight tooth and nail. They begin their final push for survival with a clash against TS Galaxy at the Danie Craven Stadium this afternoon (5pm). “We have prepared well,” said Barker. “So, we just need to stay calm and not panic. Our destiny lies in our hands and we know what needs to be done. “These high-pressure situations need to be embraced sometimes and not feared. We are still in a privileged position where our fate is still completely in our hands. “There has to be self-motivation from the players, many of them helped the team get promoted and the reason was to be playing against the best teams in the country. “There also needs to be self-motivation to ensure that we maintain our place at this level. It doesn’t take too much from me to motivate my players, I think they know what is at stake. “I just need to keep reminding them of what we have achieved in a short space of time and what we can still achieve. “I am extremely confident that we can get to where we want to go. It’s just about keeping them focused and engaged in these last few games. We need two big performances and results to finish strong.” Although his side are fighting for survival, Barker insists that it doesn’t mean they’ve had a bad season. The former University of Pretoria coach reckons there’s been plenty of positives. “It’s a difficult season to describe because there’s mixed emotion,” added Barker. “We know that from a log position point of view, it’s not what we had envisaged. But between all the adversities and disappointments there has been good progress.”