VETERAN striker Lehlohonolo Majoro has followed Bongi Ntuli and Tsepo Masilela in seeing his contract being extended at AmaZulu. Majoro, just like Masilela, joined Usuthu in the 2019-20 season after leaving the defunct Bidvest Wits. At that time he arrived, he signed a two-year deal and that contract was expiring this month. However, Usuthu have ensured that the former Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs striker, who was his team’s joint leading top scorer last season with eight goals, stays put in Durban. “Majoro is very important to us. You saw how committed he was. He has become rejuvenated,” said club president Sandile Zungu. “We had intentions to extend his contract and we have extended it for two more years.” Majoro scored nine goals in 28 appearances for Usuthu in all competitions last season. His performance was crucial as Usuthu finished second on the log table, their highest position in the PSL era. Some of Majoro’s goals were key, such as in the wins against Stellenbosch, Chiefs, a brace against TS Galaxy and the other against Cape Town City, who they thumped 5-1 in April to record the club’s biggest win in the PSL era. Majoro, who has won a league title, two Nedbank Cups and the now defunct Telkom Knockout in his PSL career, started his career at Usuthu in 2010-11 season under Manqoba Mngqithi. In his only season with the Durban side, he scored 14 league goals in 27 appearances. He was quickly snapped by Chiefs for the following season. Apart from Chiefs, Wits and Pirates, Majoro has also played for Cape Town City. In these clubs, Majoro scored 83 goals in 288 appearances domestically. Usuthu will play in either the Caf Champions League or Confederation Cup, after finishing second last term. Their spot in the Champions League hangs in balance as Chiefs are in the semi-finals of this season’s competition and if they win it, they will take AmaZulu’s slot. Usuthu, if Chiefs win the competition, will then participate in the Confed, taking Pirates’ slot who finished third. The Confed Cup is a competition Majoro knows very well, as he lost it in the final with Pirates in 2015.