GOLDEN Arrows chairperson Mato Madlala says the shock departure of Steve Komphela at the beginning of the season did not concern her that her team will struggle in this ended season. Komphela, who replaced Clinton Larsen on 28 December 2018, resigned as Arrows coach on 11 October last year to be form part of the co-coaches at Mamelodi Sundowns. With no one available, Madlala decided to give the job to Arrows long time assistant coach Mandla Ncikazi the head coaching role. There was an expectation that Arrows, with the experienced coach like Komphela gone, will struggle as Ncikazi is a novice at this level. This was Ncikazi, 52, only second appointment as the head coach in the PSL. He was previously in charge of Maritzburg United, replacing also Komphela who had joined Kaizer Chiefs in the 2015-16 season, but he was fired after failing to win any of the five games in charge. This raised concerns about how he would handle things this time around, but Ncikazi defied things, leading Arrows to unprecedented 11 league games unbeaten this season in the first round. After the completion of the first round of the season, they had the best return of points (28 points). On 22 February, Arrows claimed Q-2 innovation after winning five, lost once and drew the other of the seven games, becoming the first KwaZulu-Natal club to achieve it. Madlala says she had the confidence in Ncikazi was going to perform wonders for the club. “How many seasons Steve spent at the club? You sound like my players were relying on him to gain experience,” said Madlala who is the only woman to own a club in the PSL top flight. “I think he had one full season and a half, so I wasn’t concerned. My club has a good structure and it is the structure that led us to succeed. As long as the structure and the foundation are right, chances of failing are none existence. I didn’t get worried to see Steve go, not at all.” Arrows’ success to finish fourth on the log table with 47 points, was their highest ever position finish and second highest points tally attained in the club’s PSL history. It was a huge surprise as the club has few resources with the team made up of no big-name players. Ncikazi’s effort was recognised by the PSL as he was nominated for the DStv Premiership Coach of the Season. But he lost it to AmaZulu’s Benni McCarthy.