WOMEN’S boxing in Mzansi is not going to die anytime soon. At least not if Joyce Kungwane of TLB Promotions has anything to say about it. Kungwane, one of a few licensed female promoters in South Africa, is doing everything in her power to ensure women get the recognition they deserve in the historically male-dominated fistic sport. She has made it a point to include a women’s bout in all of her tournaments ever since she became a licensed promoter. Female boxers are often starved of action and they fight scarcely despite the plea by Boxing South Africa (BSA) to promoters to include one or two female bouts in their tournaments. This, however, usually only happens in August when Mzansi celebrates Women’s month and most promoters do their bit to give women deserved action. But Kungwane believes women should be given the opportunity to fight as often as possible, and she’s one of the promoters who lead by example in that regard. Her bill for the upcoming tourney dubbed the “Night of Honour and Passion” set to take place on Saturday in Soweto, includes a female bout between Matshidiso “The Tiger” Mokebisi and Bonita Van Jaarsveldt. They will battle it out in a female lightweight bout scheduled for nine rounds. “I’m very excited about this tournament,” said Kungwane. “We will be honouring the youth of 1976, as we all know that it’s still Youth Month and that’s why our bill reflects that with all these young fighters. And I couldn’t put together a tournament without including a female bout. This is something that I feel very strongly about. “It’s important that women are also given opportunities to showcase their skill, not only on women’s month, but as often as possible.” Mokebisi, a former SA, WBF and Gauteng champion, is raring to go having last been in action last year December. “I can’t wait to get back into the ring,” said Mokebisi. “I anticipate a very good fight and another good advert for women’s boxing.” In the main bout, Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni will battle it out for the vacant WBA Pan African Junior Welterweight title against Zimbabwean Peter “The Sniper” Pambeni. The main supporting bout will see Athenkosi Dumezweni face Malawian Aubrey Masamba in a Junior Bantamweight battle.