Idols SA winner Yanga Sobetwa has partnered up with fellow winner Paxton Fielies for her new single. The 20-year-old singer, who won in 2018, came together with Paxton, who won in 2017, for the R&B song titled Catch Me. Yanga told SunBuzz the song, which was released last month, is about relationships. “It’s a song that speaks about having amazing relationships with people, being genuine and letting people love you and loving them back,” she said. “Whether it’s good times or bad times, just loving unconditionally. That’s what we’re promoting – great relationships.” Yanga said she knew she wanted a love song, but she didn’t like Catch Me when she first heard it. “When we recorded it I wasn’t for the song. Yes, I wanted a song that promoted love, but when I heard this song I wasn’t sure about it,” said Yanga. “My team suggested that we put Paxton on the song and it made sense after she got on it. When I heard her verse, I knew then that it would be an amazing song. And when they sent her part of the song to me after she recorded it, I was blown away.” ALSO READ | VETERAN ACTOR MAC MATHUNJWA DIES The singer said working with Paxton was wonderful. “At the time we worked on the song, we hadn’t really met. The first time we met was at the Idols after-party. It was a brief meeting. And when she was recording I wasn’t in studio. We recorded separately,” said Yanga. “We came together for the music video, and since working on it we’ve been spending a lot of time together. She’s very kind person. I’d say she’s one of the people who represents what Catch Me is about.” The music video has already been released and both the video and audio are available on digital music platforms. She said she’s working on new music. “The plan from my side has been to drop an album. But because I have a team, everyone has to be in the same train of thought,” she said. “It’s not just about me. It’s a team effort. But we’re working on music. So in the meantime maybe a single will be released soon.”