Former Kaizer Chiefs goalkeeper Brian Baloyi is not happy to see Stuart Baxter back at Amakhosi. Baloyi, also known as Spiderman, said he’s tired of seeing the same coaches recycled by the PSL clubs for the last 20 years. Baxter was reappointed by Chiefs to replace Gavin Hunt early this month on a two-year deal with a two-year option to renew. Baloyi has asked will when Arthur Zwane, who is currently the Chiefs caretaker coach, be given the job. He said the former winger is 47 years old, but still no one at Chiefs considered him ready for one of the biggest jobs on the continent. Zwane led Chiefs to a stunning and historical victory over Wydad Athletic Club in the semi-finals of the Caf Champions League to reach the final of Africa’s most prestigious club competition. Amakhosi will now face Pitso Mosimane’s Al Ahly in the final on 17 July in Morocco. “For me, I’m tired of this rotation of coaches and players. We keep saying Arthur Zwane is a young coach, he’s turning 48 in September,” said Baloyi who played with Zwane when Chiefs won the African Cup Winners in 2001. “You still haven’t given him a chance to coach. In other countries, when you talk about young coaches they are in their early 30s. You have young coaches in their 30s who are coaching their national teams. “Even Doctor Khumalo, when he went to coach (Baroka), he got the job when he was in his 50s and we still called him a young coach? “Do they have to be in their 50s or 60s and then given a chance to coach in the PSL? It is about time that coaches like Arthur (Zwane), if he is not given a chance at Chiefs go to another club, to be a head coach.” Chiefs, under interim coach Zwane, became the first SA side to win in Morocco in the Champions League when they defeated Wydad 1-0 in the first leg of the semifinals before getting a 0-0 draw at FNB Stadium on Saturday to reach the final. However, Baloyi said recycling coaches has become an occurring theme in the PSL. Mandla Ncikazi, who led Golden Arrows in their highest position last term (fourth) recently left to join Orlando Pirates, this was his second head coaching role (Arrows) in the PSL at the age of 52. “I’m just not talking about Chiefs, if you see how we are rotating coaches, how coaches in the same season come to a club, he’s fired and six months later he resurfaces at another club, a year later he’s back at the same club,” said Baloyi. “Are we in short supply of coaches? Or don’t we want to give people a chance? If we are in short supply of coaches, then let’s get coaches in other countries who have never coached here before. In this league, there are 10 coaches who have been rotated in the last 20 years .”