BOXER Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni has revealed he plans to hang up the gloves in just four years’ time to focus on growing his business. The former world champion who hails from Mount Frere, Eastern Cape has a remarkable entrepreneurial spirit. And it has come in handy for him in these tough times, ensuring that he avoids falling into the trap of poverty – a harsh reality for many boxers. For many pugilists, being active in the ring is essential as it is often their sole source of income. And some struggle to make ends meet and fall into crime because fights do not come along with as much regularity as they would like. But Ndongeni has always been determined to avoid this fate, ensuring that he always has other legal sources of income outside boxing. He runs his own physical fitness centre franchise – the Fight Club – which he has big aspirations and goals for. Ndongeni serves as a personal trainer to some of the biggest celebrities, including seasoned television actress and successful businesswoman Connie Ferguson and actress Rami Chuene. He plans to retire from boxing altogether in a few years to focus on perfecting his business. “What I know for a fact is that I will be stopping boxing soon. I don’t see myself in the ring in four years time,” said Ndongeni. “I plan to stop boxing at the age of 35. I think I have a bright future after boxing. I own my own gym in which I train clients and celebrities. I know that I am able to provide for my family, even if there are no fights and that’s not something a lot of boxers can do in South Africa. “I’m looking at getting more businesses off the ground. I have already started with one which is the gym and things are going well according to what I can see at the moment. “I’m never under pressure for fights. I only fight if and when I want to fight, so it’s a good position to be in. I now box because of the love and nothing more.” Nomeva is currently preparing to take on Zimbabwean Peter Pambeni in their International Junior welterweight bout. The pair will be headlining the upcoming TLB Promotions tournament, dubbed “The Night of Honour and Passion” which will take place in Soweto on June 26.