FOLLOWING the explosive episode of Bongani Fassie’s reality show Finding Bongani, music boss Lance Stehr has hit back. The son of the late iconic singer Brenda Fassie accused Lance of using his influence to block opportunities for him. The music boss has hit back and denied the claims made by the former Jozi group member. Speaking to Daily Sun, Lance said at no stage has he blocked Bongani’s career. “In fact, after he left Muthaland and joined Universal Music to start his solo career, in 2014 he came back seeking assistance with the celebration of Brenda Fassie’s 10th year of passing. We did a project called The Brenda Fassie Legacy Tour together and released a compilation. “We also did a talent show for him and had numerous other activations to keep Brenda’s name in the public arena. Why did he come back for assistance 12 years later and he still blames me? “What evidence does he have that I have blocked his career? Maybe he should look at his behaviour and maybe take a long look in the mirror to face the truth, that could help him. ALSO READ | WATCH: ‘COOKING WITH SOMIZI WAS A WASTE!’ “Twelve years on, he cannot still blame me? He cannot still be blaming someone else for where he is in life. The choices you take in life, affect your quality of life, drugs and the people around you also affect your life.” Lance said he is shocked by Bongani’s claims because he treated him like his own son. “After Brenda passed away, I had taken in Bongani and treated him as a son. He received preferential treatment even above my own flesh and blood. The problem began when he began moving with his entourage,” he said. Addressing the claims that he also blocked him from an opportunity to work with Snoop Dogg, Lance said the deal with the American rapper was never concrete. ALSO READ: BONGANI FASSIE: 'PEOPLE DON'T WANT TO WORK WITH ME' “I received a call from the promoter of the Snoop show, Attie van Wyk from Big Concerts, who said that they needed a percussionist to accompany Snoop on his SA tour,” he said. “There were two South African percussionists that performed on the stage of whom Bongani was one. There was never a concrete offer made from the Snoop camp for Bongani to join Snoop Dogg back in the States. I think like a lot of stories Bongani perpetuates; he likes to embellish the truths by playing victim most of the time to get public sympathy,” he said.