BAFANA Bafana assistant coach Helman “Midnight Express” Mkhalele has lavished the new look team with praise after an impressive showing in their first outing under the mentorship of the new technical team. Mkhalele was tasked with overseeing proceedings on the touchline for Bafana in their international friendly against Uganda at Orlando Stadium on Thursday in the absence of head coach Hugo Broos and first assistant Cedomir Janevski. Broos was back in his native Belgium for his second dose of the Covid-19 vaccine while his assistant Janevski missed out after he tested positive for the virus mere hours before the match. Nevertheless, Mkhalele flew solo and oversaw an impressive 3-2 come from behind win over the Cranes, largely inspired by young striker Evidence Makgopa. The 21-year-old Baroka star came from the bench to score a brace in the second half, the first a neat finish in at the near post the second an expertly worked low drive across goal after a fine team move. Makgopa became just the second player in Bafana Bafana history to score twice on debut, following in the footsteps of Katlego Mphela, who scored twice on his debut against Seychelles in the 2005 COSAFA Cup. Mkhalele was delighted by the exploits of his young side, especially in the second half when players like Makgopa raised their hand. “During the first-half we really struggled in the central midfield. That is where the Ugandans, especially number 10 (Allan Okello) and number eight (Shafik Kagimu), they were able to build from the back and penetrate us so easily, and I attribute that to a lack of experience to our boys because they were nervous," said Mkhalele in his post-match press conference. “Second-half, first and foremost, we had to change our formation, and after changing our formation, we changed the personnel to help make sure that they don't build from the back. We put high pressure on them at the back because once we win the ball, we'll regain possession in their own half. "I am so proud, you know, even though we could have scored more goals, but I am so proud that we took our chances." 