MKMVA soldiers stationed at former president Jacob Zuma’s home in Nkandla have vowed that no one will arrest him. On Tuesday, the Constitutional Court sentenced Zuma to 15 months in jail, and ordered him to hand himself over to Nkandla Police Station within five days or for cops to arrest him. MKMVA commander, Mfanafuthi Gumede, told Daily Sun they were ready to defend Zuma and that no one would arrest him. “We were ready for a battle since February when we started to camp here in full army uniform. We don’t welcome the court judgment that undermines Zuma’s rights as a senior citizen,” he said.  “Zuma is being prosecuted because he started the issue of land appropriation without compensation and radical economic transformation. We are still suffering from the apartheid regime.” Gumede said no one would disband MKMVA and anyone who wanted to do so must start by first disbanding the ANC logo.  “The ANC logo or flag includes a spear, which is the sign of MKMVA. Those who want to disband it must call a conference to take out the spear, but I think that’s impossible,” he said. The former president’s son Edward Zuma, who was wearing a T-shirt written akunyiwe once (let’s fight or die), told Daily Sun his father was not at home. “This is war. Akunyiwe once. My father will be back soon, but I will not reveal the day for security reasons,” he said.  “He’s still consulting with his legal team. No one will arrest my father and I’m ready to fight. “Everyone is welcome to support him from unfair law. I don’t care if I get arrested for breaking Covid-19 regulations because this is war.” The former president’s brother Khaya Zuma told Daily Sun that if police wanted to arrest Zuma, they must first arrest former president FW de Klerk. “De Klerk refused to testify at the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and no one arrested him. No one will arrest my brother,” he said. “I will be standing at the gate. They can arrest me first before they arrest him. “Black police must not come carrying guns. Instead, they must come with donkey piri (batons) because during apartheid that’s all they carried. “Zuma fought for them to carry guns, so they can’t arrest him now.” 