Legendary gospel singer and IPCC leader Emma Mkhwanazi (64) drew her last breath on Monday, 28 June. The death of the iconic singer was announced by her family. “It is with profound sadness that we announce that the legendary singer Emma Thokozile Mkhwanazi rested on Monday after battling with a bad health for some time,” read a statement by the family. Speaking to Daily Sun, family spokesman Norton Ramavhoya said the family was still struggling to come to terms with her death. “The family is shattered by her passing. This is a challenging time for them as this was the least of the things they had expected, even though she has been sick for a while battling arthritis. But people’s testimonials on how her music touched them and played a role in their lives comfort them. They are grateful for all the heartfelt messages they have received since the news of her passing was shared publicly,” he said. “She was a devoted Christian as well as a kind, loving and humble person who loved her family wholeheartedly. Her family is going to miss her a lot as she was their pillar of strength,” he said. Norton said the family is still yet to meet to discuss the funeral arrangements. “The details of her funeral and memorial service will be shared during the week as they were only notified of her passing yesterday as she was in hospital.” ALSO READ | PENNY LEBYANE: THE PIE IS BIG ENOUGH Norton further said Emma, who was affectionately known as Mme Emma, was working on new music before her death. She was known for her memorable IPCC hits such as Bayede Ngonyama, Mehleng ya Bofelo, Ho Lula Le Ntate, Ndikhokheke Bawo and Hamba Sathane. Since the news of her death, heartfelt tributes and messages of condolences have been pouring in for the iconic singer. Molekwa Mokwena said: “Rest in Peace to Mama Emma Mkhwanazi. We will miss her beautiful voice which touched many of us. Sethakga sa mmino.” While Sthephen Molathlegi said: “She gave us good music, with a voice that lifted many spirits when down. Her music is priceless and her legacy is timeless. May the beautiful soul of Mme Emma Mkhwanazi rest in peace”