GOLDEN Arrows stunned the masses on Wednesday when they confirmed that coach Mandla Ncikazi is leaving the club with immediate effect. However, SunSport is bringing you some of the highlights of Ncikazi having been in charge of 31 games in all competitions for the club in the season that just ended. Ncikazi was appointed as a coach on 15 October last year after Steve Komphela stepped down to join Mamelodi Sundowns. When Arrows defeated SuperSport United 3-1 on 28 October last year, it was Ncikazi’s first win as a coach, after failing to win any of five games in charge of Maritzburg United in the 2015-16 season when he also replaced his friend Komphela. This win set the tone of what to come. They went eleven league games unbeaten, before losing 4-2 to Cape Town City on 24 January this year. When Golden Arrows beat Orlando Pirates 2-0 at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on 2 February, it was the first time they have defeated the Soweto giants with two clear goals without conceding in their PSL history. Another record was on the cards for Abafana Bes’Thende, this time getting the better of Stellenbosch FC on the 12 February, to conclude the half of the season. They had collected 28 points after 15 matches, the best return of points in the club’s history after halfway of the season. On 22 February, Arrows claimed Q innovation (Q-2) after winning five, lost once and drew the other of the seven games, becoming the first club from KwaZulu- Natal to achieve it. However, they were succeeded by AmaZulu who won theirs for the first time, which was the Q-3. When Arrows lost for the first time to Black Leopards in the league match at home on 7 March, it was the first time they were beaten in their backyard since losing 1-0 against Kaizer Chiefs in January last year. In the end, Arrows, despite winning only two of their seven games, finished higher than they had done before, which was fourth on the table. Despite the end of the marriage, but in football, there’s no end, with Arrows adding in their statement, “Ncikazi leaves through an open door and like any member of the family; he is welcome back at any time. We wish him well in his future endeavours.”