BASIC Education Minister Angie Motshekga has announced that the Council of Education Ministers has agreed that pupils in public and independent or private schools should be released for winter vacation on Wednesday. She said school management teams, teachers, pupils in hostel facilities, and pupils with special education needs waiting for parents to pick them up should report to school until Friday. This came after President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the country will be moving to adjusted lockdown level 4 and that schools will be closing earlier than the planned dates. Motshekga was briefing the media in the Free State as part of monitoring the vaccination of teachers and support staff. She said the briefing was to reflect on the details that Ramaphosa presented during his “family meeting” on Sunday night. She said since schools will be closing earlier, public schools will come back from the winter vacation early, on 19 July instead of 26 July as was originally scheduled in the 2021 school calendar. “Schools will make the necessary arrangements to continue to provide food to those pupils who’re beneficiaries of the national school nutrition programme,” she said. Motshekga said the usual winter vacation learner support programme for grades 11 and 12, organised by provinces, districts and schools, should continue under very strict conditions in compliance with Covid-19 health and safety protocols. She said given the fact that pupils writing the May and June 2021 exams are very few, these exams and marking thereof should continue under strict adherence to Covid-19 health and safety protocols. “We implore parents, guardians and caregivers to ensure that during the recess, children continue to learn using the available resources. Doing so will protect the gains that have already been achieved. “We also encourage our pupils to remain safe. Don’t gather in crowds, apply hygiene practices at all times and avoid activities that may expose pupils to infections,” she said. In terms of the vaccination programme, the minister said it will proceed as planned. The workers are advised to adhere to their schedules and strictly adhere to Covid-19 protocols as stipulated in the regulations. “Schools designated as vaccination sites must remain open to continue with the vaccination programme,” she said. Motshekga said it’s important that they all work together to complete the vaccination as soon as possible.