IT’S a mess! The promotion/ relegation play-offs have been postponed... yet again. The Premier Soccer League (PSL) confirmed this afternoon that the opening play-offs fixture between Chippa United and Richards Bay FC, which was scheduled for Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium, has been called off. "All was set for the match, but an hour before kick-off time we were informed that the match in no longer taking place," said a SunSport insider, who was at the stadium. Another source revealed that the teams did not even arrive to the stadium after they were told about the cancellation while on their way there. Said the informant: “We were two to three minutes away from the venue and we were told that we have to go back as the match is no longer taking place. That was around 1pm. Then we went back to the hotel and we are still there even now. There’s a possibility that we will play on Saturday but that is pending on tomorrow’s court (Friday’s) outcome.” As the clock was ticking down before the DStv Premiership relegation/promotion playoffs match, groundsmen were told to remove the hoards. ?????? pic.twitter.com/aaWwtXqzcI  The PSL then released a statement in which they stated that the game would no longer be taking place. Part of the statement read: "A legal dispute has arisen between Royal AM and the League as to whether the order granted by Nyathi AJ has been suspended as a result of the filing by the League of an application for leave to appeal Nyathi AJ's order. "The League contends that the order has been suspended, while Royal AM contends that it has not.  In the circumstances, the League has elected to: Postpone the start of the playoffs and seek the urgent intervention of the High Court." PSL Media Statement: pic.twitter.com/OZoQmgbpfQ  The play-offs were initially set to start on Tuesday with a match between Royal AM and Richards Bay. However, the game was cancelled following a court order by Acting Judge Nyathi on Monday. The PSL then changed the fixture list. Chippa were then instructed to play Richards Bay in Gqeberha at 3pm today. However, that game could not take place again after  Royal AM had given the PSL an ultimatum of 10am to suspend the matches or face further legal action. This shouldn’t happen. We don’t need this. pic.twitter.com/MN7NgeYMbA Royal AM owner Shawn "MaMkhize" Mkhize, appealed against Joburg high court deputy judge president Roland Sutherland's verdict‚ which upheld an arbitration award of three points to promotion rivals Sekhukhune United. Sutherland's order made Sekhukhune winners of the GladAfrica Championship‚ a decision that saw Sekhukhune gain automatic promotion to the DStv Premiership and also, in the process, bumped Royal AM down to the promotion play-offs. Royal AM had threatened to take the matter back to court had the PSL gone ahead and started the play-offs today. 