A TEENAGER was found dead next to a shack in Cape Town, Western Cape. Sinovuyo Magatya (18) from Zwezwe squatter camp had been missing since Sunday after she went out drinking with her friends. On Thursday, her body was found next to the shack belonging to the alleged suspect. Her uncle Wele Dyongo said he last saw her on Sunday morning. “I went to a meeting at around 9am and she was still sleeping. When I came back at around 3pm, she was not there,” he said. On Monday, the family got worried about her whereabouts and went out to ask her friends where she was, and they said they had left her at a shebeen. “We visited the man they last saw her with and he lied to us. He even took us to a place where he said he last saw her with other men,” said Wele, adding that they didn’t find her niece.  “We came back and the suspect continued to help us search for her. We were shocked when cops found her wig under the suspect’s bed with blood on it,” he said. The suspect allegedly said the blood belonged to his girlfriend. “The community decided to search all the shacks where she was last seen, including the ones that were not occupied. That is when her body was found,” said Wele. The suspect’s trousers were also allegedly found next to Sinovuyo’s body. “God planned for him to forget his trousers and the wig. My niece was strangled.” Sinovuyo also had a stab wound next to her ear. “It was clear that she tried to fight but since she was drunk, she couldn’t. Her trousers were pulled down, so we are still waiting for confirmation of whether she was raped or not. But we suspect she was,” added Wele. A resident said they were shocked about the incident. “The suspect looked like a decent guy. We never thought he would do something like this. We hope he rots in jail for what he did.” Warrant officer Joseph Swartbooi said a 30-year-old man was taken into custody after the victim’s body was found. “The suspect was arrested and detained after the body of a woman was found. The case of kidnapping will now be changed to murder,” said the officer. He said once charged, he would appear in the Khayelitsha Magistrates Court for murder.