A BEN 10 dated his married nyatsi for three years. They enjoyed poking while her husband was away in Joburg, working. But things changed when lockdown started last year when the husband returned home full time. The married father of two tried to end things, but the nyatsi (49) did not take it well and threatened him. She told him he belonged to her and things will never be well for him. The 38-year-old man from Mokgolobotho Village in Tzaneen, Limpopo took the nyatsi’s threats lightly and stopped seeing her in April last year However, his 4-5 started to shrink a month later and he has so far spent more than R8 000 trying to get help. “I used to be a vibrant man with an appetite for women. But my 4-5 shrinks every time I try to poke. I can’t have sex anymore,” he said. He said when he confronted the nyatsi, her response was, “I told you”. She further said the only way to reverse this was getting back together. “I cannot go back to a cruel person like her. My threats to approach her husband were in vain. She said I can tell him if I want to, but I should prove she did this to me. How can one prove this? I had to open up to my wife about this situation, who wanted to confront the nyatsi. But she found out the nyatsi went back to her parental home in Polokwane,” he said. The man said he’s been to churches and prophets and bought pills to get his 4-5 size back, but with no luck. “All I need is someone to help me restore my manhood,” he said. The man’s wife told Daily Sun: “It’s my husband’s business, but I forgave him. All I need is for him to get help. I believe he learnt a lesson. But I don’t want to be part of his newspaper stories.” Traditional healer Dr Sylvester Hlati said this is called “khuvalo”. “It’s obvious the nyatsi worked on this man, but there’s a cure for this. He can go back to normal with the right traditional medicine,” he said. Men’s Clinic International also said this was curable. According to them, it’s caused by various factors, including STIs. They advised the man to visit their nearest branch.