BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic boss Max Tshabalala is a liar, says their former goalkeeper Patrick Tignyemb. Tignyemb says he has not received any monies from the club boss who owes him close to R3 million. Because Celtic owes Tignyemb, the club was slapped with the ban of the next two transfer windows. But if they do pay Tignyemb, the ban will be lifted. Tignyemb, however, having read the story from SunSport, has quickly reached to the paper, saying the club boss has not made any payment. “I see the Daily Sun story that says he has paid the instalments, two already in my bank account,” said from his house in Cameroon. “It is all lies and that man hasn’t paid me anything. Fifa is now aware of this and action will be taken. He must give us proof of when he made the payments, I want to see this because he can’t lie on things like this. “Everything he’s saying is all a lie, just lies.” Tignyemb, who represented Cameroon at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, played a total of 326 games for the club before strangely the club decided to part ways with him in 2019. He helped them win the Telkom Knockout in the 2012-13 season. Celtic, when they fired him then, insisted he was sacked for his ‘bad attitude’, but Tignyemb believed it was because he stood up for his teammates over a payment issue. Because he wasn’t happy at how he was fired and still having an existing contract with the club, he then took the matter to Fifa who in turn was in favour of him. Celtic was then given time to settle the debts but the club could not, insisting that they don’t owe him anything. But Fifa maintained its stance and decided to ask Safa to enforce the ban immediately. Tignyemb revealed that Celtic offered to pay him in instalments but he declined and he wants the R3 million in full. “He wanted to give me R1 million every month and I refused it and I said no,” he said. “If Fifa said pay me once, you must pay me once.” Tshabalala’s attorney Cobus Bredenkob of Bredenkob attorneys said the money will be paid in full and they hope to pay it in August. “Tignyemb’s lawyer didn’t accept the offer to pay it in instalments but we hope to pay him in full in August, that is the plan,” said Bredenkob. “So we’ll pay one full amount in August because they didn’t accept it in instalments of which I don’t know why.”