FORMER World champion Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni has admitted that he knows very little about his next opponent, Peter “Sniper” Pambeni, but he will not make the mistake of underestimating the Zimbabwean. The pair are set to headline the TLB Promotions tournament, dubbed “The Night of Honour and Pasion” which will be in honour of the youth of the 1976 Soweto uprising. The fight will take place in Soweto on 26 June. Their bout, scheduled for 10 rounds, will be for the vacant World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African Junior Welterweight title. Ndongeni, who boasts a record of 27 wins and only two losses in his 29 fights, with 15 wins coming via the short route, intends to bring his best into the roped square against Pambeni. The Zimbabwean Pambeni comes into the fight on the back of a TKO defeat at the hands of Namibian Jeremia Nakathila in a WBO Global Featherweight title bout, while Ndongeni is high in confidence having stopped Malawian Byson Gwayani last time out. Ndongeni admitted that he might have underestimated his last opponent Gwayani and I found it tougher than he expected in the ring, but he will not be making the same excuse with Pambeni. “I should be in much better shape than I was for my last fight against the guy from Malawi,” said Ndongeni. “I think I might have underestimated my opponent in my last fight. I only realised when I got into the ring that I was actually up against a very good fighter. “He was young, energetic and a good boxer. But I was still able to win because I was in a good space and fighting my own fight. “I will be in better condition in this fight. I have been in a good place since I rejoined my trainer Mzamo “Chief” Njekanye. He knows me very well and knows what to do to get the best out of me. He always reminds me how to do things. “This will be the second fight with Chief and Shannon Strydom in my corner. We want to achieve a lot and this fight is only the beginning. But I will not underestimate my opponent. I know this would be a big mistake on my part and that’s why I’m working hard to ensure that I’m at my best.” In the main supporting bout, Athenkosi Dumezweni will look to bounce back from a defeat in his last fight when he battles Malawian Aubrey Masamba in their Junior Bantamweight fight, scheduled for eight rounds. Meanwhile, Emmany Kolombo faces Enock Msambudzi of Zimbabwe in a Junior Middleweight bout, while Matshidiso Mokebisi will take on Bonita Van Jaarsveldt in the female Lightweight battle.