THE family of veteran actress Shaleen Surtie-Richards have requested a special provincial funeral. Shaleen, best known for her roles on several local productions such as Generations, 7de Laan and eGoli, died in the early hours of Monday morning. Her death was confirmed to Daily Sun by family spokesman Alistair Izobell, who said the family was shattered and still coming to terms with her passing. Since then, the family have revealed they’ve contacted President Cyril Ramaphosa, requesting a provincial send-off for the late actress. “We’ve not only lost a loved family member but a beloved member of the South African community, who was not only a veteran of our creative industry but a legend that has a legacy spanning decades,” they said. “We believe Shaleen has been an advocate, ambassador and a voice for the coloured community throughout South Africa as to what can be accomplished, as well as an inspiration to many aspiring actresses, including being instrumental in ensuring the young female coloured community knows that any and all goals can be reached through dedication and hard work. ALSO READ | LOOTLOVE SCORES A BIG GIG “It’s as of the aforementioned, the family has contacted the Presidency of the Republic of South Africa, requesting the awarding of a provincial send-off (funeral), which has the full support of the creative community who all wish to recognise and acknowledge the accomplishments of an inspiration.” Responding to the request by the Surtie-Richards family, Premier Alan Winde told Channel24 he’ll write to President Cyril Ramaphosa to request a special provincial funeral. “The nation has lost a giant who’ll be remembered for her immense talent and contribution to our creative industry. I extend my heartfelt condolences to her family, friends and loved ones at this difficult time, and look forward to a positive response to our request from President Ramaphosa,” he said. The funeral service will take place at 2.30pm at Durbanville Memorial Park in Cape Town on Sunday, 13 June and all Covid-19 protocols will be observed.