HE was walking home with his girlfriend and friend when they were confronted by thugs. Atlegang Selepe thought they were off the hook... But then his cellphone rang in his pocket and IT WAS A CALL OF DEATH! Speaking to Daily Sun, Atlegang’s girlfriend Nqobile Mdlalose (20) said she and her friend accompanied him and on their way back from delivering muffins last Thursday in Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni, the thugs pounced on them. She said they asked for cellphones and cash. “My friend gave her cellphone to them. When they asked for mine, I told them it was at home and they left us alone,” she said. She said Atlegang (21) handed them his wallet with cash and bank cards.     “He pleaded with them as he handed over his wallet,” she said. “The thugs then asked us if we had surrendered all our belongings and we said yes,” she said. “But just as the thugs were about to let us go, Atlegang’s phone rang and that’s when all hell broke loose,” she said as she broke down in tears. “They got angry and started beating my boyfriend after taking his phone. “They they shot him and ran away. My lover fell. I held him and cried while screaming for help. ALSO READ: BOTHATA KE TJOTJO! “My friend ran to the main road and stopped a taxi. The driver took us to Phillip Moyo clinic,” she said. The grieving girlfriend said she prayed while a medical team was attending to Atlegang. But sadly they got bad news that he was gone.  Nqobile said that Atlegang’s death left a void in her heart. His sister Lethabo Mohlala (25) said Atlegang’s life was like art and was depicted in his drawings and the food he cooked. “He was ambitious and ran his own mobile bakery. “He was also a visual artist and singer. ALSO READ: WATCH: COP KLAPS UNION LEADER! “He was amazing and had done a lot in his short life. “He inspired many people including me,” she said. Atlegang’s younger brother (17) said his brother started drawing at the age of four. “My aunt saw potential in him and sent him to East Rand School of Arts in Benoni. “He was awarded a bursary to further his studies after being a top pupil. “He was a star and was very influential. “We are wondering why that evil hand took his life,” he said. Sergeant Khensani Mathebula of Etwatwa Police Station said a case of murder was opened and cops were looking for the suspects. 