FORMER president Jacob Zuma will go into the history books as Mzansi’s first ex-leader to be sentenced to jail after his stint as president. Zuma has been sentenced to 15 months in jail for contempt of court after he failed to appear and take part in the state capture inquiry. Msholozi is not the first former president to be arrested around the world. Here’s a list of other leaders from around the list who have landed behind bars: 1. In Bolivia, former president Jeanine Anez was arrested on terrorism and conspiracy charges on 13 March 2021. Anez and several ex-ministers were arrested for reportedly participating in a coup against then-president Evo Morales in 2019. Morales resigned and fled Bolivia after the chief of the army urged him to step down amid protests over allegations of vote-rigging. 2. Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy was sentenced to prison for corruption and influence peddling. According to the BBC, Sarkozy was sentenced to three years in jail, two of them suspended, for corruption. He was convicted of trying to bribe a judge in 2014 after he had left office, by allegedly suggesting he could secure an impressive job for him in return for information about a separate case. The 66-year-old is the first former French president to get a protective sentence. This video was first published by Al Jazeera.  The only example was the trial of Sarkozy’s forerunner Jacques Chirac, who got a two-year suspended sentence in 2011 for having arranged bogus jobs at Paris City Hall for allies when he was Paris mayor, unfortunately, Chirac died in 2019. If Sarkozy’s appeal is unsuccessful, he could serve a year at home with an electronic tag, rather than go to prison. 3. Former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio da Silva was jailed in 2018 for accepting bribes in what many Brazilians felt was a politicised effort to end his career. The BBC reported that a year later, the same prosecutorial team accused former president Michel Temer of accepting millions in bribes, this after his term ended in 2019. He was arrested and his trial was later suspended. Both Brazilian presidents’ prosecutions were part of a years-long extensive anti-corruption probe by the courts that jailed dozens of politicians. Even the probe’s lead prosecutor was accused of corruption. 4. Unlike the other former presidents who’ve been jailed, Israel’s sitting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is currently on trial. The country didn’t wait for him to leave the office to investigate him for the crime. He was charged in 2019 for breaches of trust, bribery and fraud. His trial is underway. He is also the leader of Israel’s largest party, which took the most seats in national elections.