National Director of Public
Prosecutions (NDPP) Shamila Batohi has said the NPA has been requesting
information from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for more than three years
without success and will only "accept" full cooperation from that
country once the information is received. Speaking during a media briefing on
Friday morning, Batohi said the UAE ratification treaty with South Africa was a
"positive development but we will only know that this is making a
difference once our requests for mutual legal assistance are fully executed by
the UAE and we get the necessary full cooperation, including evidence from the
UAE". The evidence included financial
records, she said. "As I expressed to the
ambassador yesterday (Thursday), we will only accept that there is full
cooperation when we receive the necessary information that we have been
requesting now for over three years without success," she said. The briefing came after a statement
by the UAE's ambassador to South Africa, saying that the agreement on mutual
legal assistance in criminal matters and extradition between South Africa and
that country was signed in 2018 and ratified in April this year. The statement was issued just days
after the National Prosecuting Authority's (NPA) Investigating Directorate (ID)
asked Interpol to circulate an international arrest warrant to have the Guptas
deported to South Africa to stand trial on fraud and money laundering charges,
News24 previously reported. The State issued arrest warrants for
Gupta brothers, Atul and Rajesh, and their wives, Chetali and Arti, as well as
a number of business associates, in connection with R25 million spent on a
feasibility study to determine the viability of the failed Estina dairy farm in
Vrede in the Free State. ID head Hermione Cronje has asked
Interpol to circulate the red notice. The Gupta brothers fled South Africa in
2018 and are reportedly in the UAE. "In as much as the UAE ratified
the treaty, there was nothing up until this point that precluded cooperation
between the two countries," Batohi said on Friday morning. She said: "The treaty doesn't
really change anything because there has always been sufficient, legitimate
ways in which we could have cooperated but in the spirit of cooperation, I
certainly hope that there will be a change and that there will be a positive
response for our requests as soon as possible." Justice and Correctional Services
Minister Ronald Lamola welcomed the finalisation and ratification of the
treaties on extradition and mutual legal assistance. "These treaties are expected to
allow for greater cooperation between the two states on legal matters and
assist in the investigation and prosecution of crimes," he said. Lamola said the treaties would come
into effect on 10 July. He said: "It is a common cause
that South Africa has persons of interest who frequent the UAE and are believed
to be in the UAE. It is worth mentioning that our request for mutual legal
assistance to the UAE to date, was not prohibited by the fact that there were
no treaties in force between the two states. All of our requests were sent in
terms of article 44 of the United Nations Convention against Corruption." On Thursday, civil society organisations
protested outside the UAE embassy in Pretoria, demanding the extradition of the
Guptas so that they can be tried in South Africa for their alleged roles in
state capture, News24 reported. The organisations included the Ahmed
Kathrada Foundation and the Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse. SOURCE: NEWS24 