Thulani Thuswa has died on Sunday morning in a car crash on the M1 North bound between Grayston Drive and Malboro Drive. At the time of his death, Thuswa, former Mamelodi Sundowns media officer, was working for MT Sports Marketing and Management. MT Sports Marketing and Management is a company that manages the affairs of Pitso Mosimane, the Al Ahly coach. The company, run by Mosimane's wife Moira Tlhagale, manages a number of soccer players in South Africa. Joburg Metro Police spokesman, Wayne Minaar, confirmed the accident of a "media personality" who died on the scene after his car "just went off the freeway and the person died". "It's alleged that Thuswa lost control of the vehicle and it hit barrier on the highway. There was a business card on this person and he was linked to a Public Relations company. He was alone in a Mercedes Benz," said Minaar. Thuswa's last Twitter post was a "Miss my boy so much right now" while referring to a video of post Motjeka Madisha, another Sundowns player who died in a car crash late last year. In his family statement, through MT Sports Marketing and Management, on Sunday said: "It's with great sadness that we as the Thuswa family convey the news of the passing of our dear brother. We are deeply shocked and saddened as a family. He was a true light in this world, a kind person and was always ready to share that unforgiving smile of his with those he met. We that people have been touched by the kind of person Thulani was and have expressed their hurt and shock." South African passionate football supporters, Botha Msila, has also passed on his condolences to the family of Thuswa."I'm very sad for Thulani too. He was giving us free tickets and he loved fans. He didn't care which club you supported, he would go out of his way to help us. We have lost a major stakeholder," said Motha Msila. ?????? Miss my boy so much right now https://t.co/HUVAcHhyWv Rest in eternal peace to one of the kindest, most beautiful human beings I’ve had the privilege of knowing. You’ve left us too soon, @ThulaniThuswa ?????????????????? #RIPThulani Statement from the Thuswa family on the passing of Thulani Thuswa. pic.twitter.com/fwu1wRQrf4  Speechless ???????????????? Rest in peace my man!! @ThulaniThuswa final speech at a Sundowns supporters gig.. He's always been a symbol of integrity, honesty, laughter and excellence. Rest in peace mfanakithi. @JinglesCorner #TheGateKeeper pic.twitter.com/FQdJy9n4GD Thulani 'Vladimir' Thuswa??, you have ran your race gents pic.twitter.com/qcdpJboAML   