Wedding photography is one of the most important parts of the big day. But sometimes the wedding photos don’t go quite as planned. A photographer once captured every moment of a two-day wedding but didn’t immediately back-up his work. And unfortunately, he got robbed on his way home and lost everything. In another incident, another cameraman also took beautiful pictures of a couple’s big day only to find in the video editing stages that there was no sound. Imagine him scrambling back to get the speakers to try and repeat their speeches, weeks after the wedding! How sad, awkward and unacceptable! Daily Sun asked Calvin Fisher, who owns a digital production house called Pandabomb which specialises in photography, videography and social media marketing, for tips to help up-and-coming photographers get the wedding shots right. Calvin said being a wedding photographer is serious business since one doesn’t get a second chance if they mess up. “That’s why it is extremely important to know everything about the trade ahead of time. But if you’re a newbie in the game, it could be tricky and challenging.” Calvin shared the following tips: 1. Visit the Venue Ahead of Time Get an idea of what the location looks like in order to have an idea of the set up. Take someone with you and shoot practice photos. This will allow you to be prepared on the day. Walk around the entire area and look for places where the couple could pose for pictures. 2. Gather Some Images To Use As Inspiration Another way to make sure your photos come out great would be to ask the couple for examples of the photos they love. Ask them to gather a few off the internet and to share them with you. By doing this, you’ll have a better understanding of the type of photos you need to capture on the day. 3. Have A List of People Who Need to be Photographed Make sure you ask the bride and groom beforehand to make a list of each different group they want photographed. For example: bride and groom with both sets of parents, bride with her siblings, groom with his grandparents. By sorting out this list ahead of time, you’ll avoid missing out on any photos the couple wish they had after the wedding. 4. Get Someone to Help You On The Day A helper can be a lifesaver. Give your helper the must-have photo list and ask them to keep track of which ones you’ve taken and which ones you still need to do. 5. Outside Images For The Win Try and take as many photos as you can outdoors. Reason being, the natural sunlight would work in your favour. But, if you have to take images inside the building, avoid your on-camera flash at all costs as it will cast ugly shadows and give people weird facial expressions. Instead, turn on all the lights as well as open any windows and doors to get as much light into the room as possible. 6. Prepare for Rainy Days Rain on a wedding day might seem like a nightmare. But it can also be a unique opportunity to snap some amazing photos. Make sure to bring along a few stylish umbrellas for the couple to use which could take your photos to the next level. Make sure all your camera equipment is waterproof and safely dry throughout the day. 7. Finally, Relax Even if you’re nervous, pretend like you have everything under control when taking the photos. The last thing you want is for the couple to feel stressed because you will without a doubt be able to see their uneasiness in the photos.