ROYAL AM are threatening not to participate in the upcoming relegation/promotion playoffs. SunSport understands that the PSL had an executive committee meeting after the GladAfrica Championship side wrote a letter to the league saying they will not participate in the playoffs that are scheduled to start on Tuesday. Royal AM want the playoffs to be interdicted as they have pleaded an urgent court sitting today (Monday). The club appealed the decision by the Johannesburg High Court’s order that granted Sekhukhune United the Championship champions on Saturday. The club approached the Supreme Court arguing that the presiding judge by Justice Sutherland DJP, who dismissed the application to review an order by Hilton Cassiem SC, saying “they have violated gross misdirection of fact and/ or errors of the law such that the appeal would have reasonable prospects of success.” Royal AM, owned by Shawn “MamMkhize” Mkhize, are supposed to play Richards Bay at Umhlathuze Sports Ground on Tuesday when the playoffs start. Nevertheless, the club will not barge, resulting in the PSL having an exco meeting to assess what can be done as MamMkhize feels she has been hard done by the court that dismissed the review arbitration application. “The club has appealed the decision that was taken on Saturday,” said the source. “For now, the club will not be participating in the playoffs until the matter is resolved. “But as we speak the PSL is having an executive committee to discuss the matter. There’s obviously a possible postponement, there will also be a statement from the league possible during the day today.” The insider, just like MamMkhize, maintained that they are the champions of the Championship. Before the deputy judge dismissed the review arbitration application on Saturday and saw the PSL change the Championship log table, AM finished top of the Championship with 51 points, while Sekhukhune finished second on 50 points. “We won the league, we are waiting to be crowned champions,” revealed the insider. The debacle came after Sekhukhune protested 30 minutes before they faced Polokwane City on 2 January at Old Peter Mokaba Stadium. Rise and Shine, who won the game 1-0 when their captain Puleng Tlolane scored the winning goal, played the match without a requisite five under-23 players on their team sheet. This matter has been dragging this long. At first, it was handled by the PSL DC, then it went to arbitration and now the Supreme Court. There is a possibility that the Court of Arbitration for Sport may also handle this matter for Sport (Sports highest legal body) in Zurich if MamMkhize has exhausted everything locally to fight what she believes is unfair. 