ACTRESS and singer Simphiwe Ngema bared her soul to Mac G on his digital platform Podcast & Chill on his recent episode on YouTube. The media personality was speaking about her late husband Dumi Masilela – from how they met to their wedding and his death two months later. Simphiwe met Dumi through her best friend and fellow actress Jo-Anne Reyneke, and they became inseparable. She also shared on how he was shot and killed during an attempted hijacking in 2017. “I received a call from his best friend Thato, telling me that Dumi had been shot. I knew he had not been involved in any fight because he was not that kind of person. I knew it was either a hijacking or they were trying to take something from him,” said Simphiwe. She said Dumi’s last words to her was that he was sorry. “We went to Tembisa Hospital and he was still talking. The first thing he said to me was: ‘Babe, I’m sorry’. I asked him for what since he was the one injured. But it didn’t hit me that he was going to die. The doctors then took him to theatre,” she said. ALSO READ : WATCH: SHALEEN IN HER ELEMENT! The actress said hours later, they were informed about Dumi’s death and her life changed. “We waited for five hours. My dad has medical history and he said it shouldn’t be taking this long. The doctors then called and said he had lost a lot of blood, but they were still working on him. I think at that point they knew he would die. In my spirit, I knew there was something wrong and we started praying,” she added. “Immediately after we finished praying, the doctors came in and said he was gone. I stood up and walked out of the door and my dad followed. He grabbed me and I cried for a few seconds, then demanded to see him. While looking at him, I opened his eyes and his pupil was greyish. That is how I knew he was gone,” said Simphiwe. The actress said that ordeal was even worse than her worst nightmare. ‘I had to plan a wedding and funeral in two months. And that’s the reason I don’t care what people say about me and my life because they were not there when I was lying on Dumi’s lifeless body, on his chest, crying. So don’t come and tell me that I’ve moved on too quickly because you were not there,” she added. When asked if Dumi’s family was okay with her moving on with Tino Chinyani, with whom she now has a child, she said: “Obviously not, and I understand because they felt like Dumi would now. But whatever happens with me, I’m their daughter. We spoke and we are okay now.” 