GAUTENG may have a huge water crisis looming as taps are running dry. Some parts of the province have been without water for weeks, while others have low water supply. This has also affected facilities such as hospitals, including Rahima Moosa Mother and Child Hospital and Helen Joseph Hospital in Joburg. On Wednesday, 2 June, Rahima Moosa Hospital CEO Nozuko Mkabayi said: “The problem started on 19 May and lies with Rand Water and Joburg Water’s infrastructure. “This past weekend there was a problem with electricity, which compounded the problem.”  Mkabayi said the challenges they faced were clinical and general. “Clinical problems were that we were not able to wash our hands. We have water tanks, but that water is not for human consumption. “We use it mainly for washing of hands and flushing toilets,” she said. Mkabayi said that medical sterile water was available at the hospital for medical procedures. She said staff had to manually carry water from the tanks to where it was needed.  “Some staff members bring 5 litre bottles of water from home for their own use,” she said. However, there may be light at the end of the tunnel for the affected hospitals. Emily Thomas from Gift of the Givers said they hoped to finish drilling a borehole at Rahima Moosa Hospital on Wednesday, 2 June. Residents in Westbury are also affected by the inconsistent water supply. Orin Ho-Haong said they had water for two hours yesterday morning and then their taps were dry the whole day. He said this has been going on for the past two months. Other areas that were hugely affected by the water shortage include Randfontein, some areas in Mogale City as well as Hursthill in Joburg. In a joint statement, Rand Water and Joburg Water, said: “Rand Water had from time to time made operational adjustments to divert water from other areas as a short term measure to help sustain the Hursthill system after bulk supply interruption.  “However, this has yielded no significant results of late. In the past weeks, both Rand Water and Joburg Water’s technical teams have been on the ground investigating with a view to find other options. Unfortunately, before any gains could be realised the Eikenhof pump station experienced power failures,which further affected the system. Electricity supply has since been restored.” Both entities are looking at short to medium term interventions to address the challenges.