THINGS might be settled at the top of the DStv Premiership table as far as the title race is concerned with Mamelodi Sundowns retaining their crown, but it’s all to play for at the bottom. The relegation scrap is getting hotter ahead of the penultimate round of fixtures with three teams at risk of suffering the dreaded drop to the GladAfrica Championship. Black Leopards are currently the hot favourites to take the short route back to the second tier as they are rooted to the foot of the table. Lidoda Duvha have only managed to pick up 22 points from their 28 matches so far this season, the lowest by any team. Their recent 2-1 win over Kaizer Chiefs was a big result for the Limpopo-side as it gave them a fighting chance heading into their final two matches. But they have to keep that momentum going if they are to pull off a stunning escape from the relegation zone, where they have spent the majority of their campaign. They next face Cape Town City at Cape Town Stadium on Wednesday (5pm) desperate for three more points to aid their survival bid. Their final match of the season is against Bloemfontein Celtic at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Leopards are not the only team in danger of automatic relegation. Chippa United and Stellenbosch FC are not guaranteed safety either. The Chilli Boys are currently in 15th spot, only two points clear of Leopards, and this will be a challenge for interim coach Morgan Shivambu. They also do not have much room for error in their last two matches of the season against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and SuperSport United. Chippa boss Siviwe Mpengesi has had to pull the trigger three times this season, firing coaches – Lehlohonolo Seema, Dan “Dance” Malesela and Vladislav Heric. He will be hoping that his side will live to fight another day in the top-flight. Stellies, on the other hand, have been drawn into trouble as a result of their inconsistency. They sit in 14th spot with 27 points from 28 matches, five clear of bottom dwellers Leopards. They play TS Galaxy and Golden Arrows in their last two matches of the campaign. The likes of TTM and Maritzburg United, who occupy 13th and 12th spot respectively with 29 points apiece, can still find themselves in the promotion/relegation play-offs as they can’t finish lower than 15th place.