PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has moved the country to alert three and said that he hopes that this move would help reduce the rising daily infection which has doubled in the past week. Under alert level three, night vigils, after-funeral gatherings and ‘after-tears’ gatherings will not be permitted while the sale of alcohol from retail outlets for off-site consumption will only be permitted between 10am and 6pm from Monday to Thursday. This excludes public holidays. “Alcohol sales for on-site consumption will be permitted as per licence conditions up to 9pm.Alcohol consumption in all public spaces, such as beaches and parks, is strictly prohibited. “All gatherings will be limited to a maximum of 50 people indoors and 100 people outdoors. Where the venue is too small to accommodate these numbers with appropriate social distancing, then no more than 50 per cent of the capacity of the venue may be used,” he said. Ramaphosa appealed to the nation to adhere to health protocols and warned that not observing these protocols was a criminal offence. He said the limited number of people allowed indoors included religious services, political events and social gatherings, as well as restaurants, bars, taverns and similar places. “As we see the rate of infection rise across the country, there is one statistic that provides a clear reason for hope. At a similar point in the rise of the second wave of infections in early December last year, there were 640 health care workers infected by COVID-19 over a seven-day period." "In the last seven days, only 64 health care workers have been infected. While it must be our unwavering determination to ensure that no health care workers are infected, this is a significant reduction in infections, which can be attributed to the success of the first phase of our vaccination programme.,” he said. Ramaphosa said four of the nine provinces were officially on the third. These were Gauteng, which accounts for two thirds of the new infection, Free State, North Weet and Northern Cape. “The proportion of COVID tests that are positive – the so-called positivity rate – is continuing to rise in Gauteng, Limpopo, Western Cape, Free State and KwaZulu-Natal. Of these, Gauteng has been the worst hit,” he said. The president said he was aware of the strain the restrictions had on people and that 15 months into the pandemic people have grown weary, but restrictions were the only way to reduce infections. “But although we have reason to hope, we still have a mountain to climb. A third wave of infections is upon us. We must contain this new wave. Since I last spoke to you just over two weeks ago, the average number of daily new infections has doubled. “The average number of people who die from COVID-19 each day has increased by 48 per cent from 535 two weeks ago to 791 in the past seven days. Except for Northern Cape, all provinces are experiencing rising infections,” he said. Ramaphosa said the country had gone through and endured two devastating waves of infection and in the process, there were lessons learnt and mistakes made and working together infections were brought down and the loss of lives prevented. However, Ramaphosa has not closed schools as widely expected with some schools reportedly in Mpumalanga shutting their doors due to infections. 