ROYAL AM are sticking by their guns! Again yesterday they staged another no-show during their planned PSL promotion/ relegation play-offs fixture against Richards Bay at Umhlathuze Sports Complex. This is the umpteenth match that the Durban club boycotted since the play-offs started, sticking by their legal case against PSL where they emphasise they should be crowned GladAfrica Championship winners. The legal case was set for the Supreme Court of Arbitration, and now they have been giving walkovers to opposition clubs. As per the rules, Natal Rich Boyz earned maximum points as their opponents failed to pitch up. National Soccer League (NSL) Rule 15.2. states that: “Where a match is not played because of the late or non-arrival of a Member Club team‚ or both teams‚ the offending Member Club or Member Clubs will be charged with misconduct. In this regard, the impossibility of performance as a result of a vehicle breakdown‚ logistical problem‚ or that the Member Club team was unable to locate the match venue‚ will not be a defence to this charge.” Rule 15.3. “Where a Member Club is found guilty in terms of Rule 15.2, its opponent in that match will receive a “walk-over” (a 3-0 (three-nil) win)‚ unless the Disciplinary Committee considers that a different sanction may be more appropriate.” This was a third play-off match that Royal AM did not honour. Furthermore, Royal will not be travelling to Gqeberha for their last match against Chippa United by the look of things this week also. As things stand, Chippa, who completed the past season in 15th spot, look set to retained their DStv Premiership status, unless anything drastic happens from the courts. They are currently leading the three teams mini-league with seven points, same as Richards Bay, and they are only separated by goal difference. Chippa defeated Rich Boyz 2-1 in their first meeting. In the second match at Chatsworth Stadium, their opponents, Royal, did not pitch. This past Saturday, Chippa drew 1-1 with Richards Bay. Tomorrow they are pencilled to host Royal AM at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium (3pm), but expect another no-show. Royal are contesting the ruling of Judge Roland Sutherland, who upheld a Safa Arbitration decision, which awarded Sekhukhune United three points after they played their game against Polokwane City under protest, after their neighbours Rise and Shine failed to include five Under-23 players on their team, going against the rules of the Championship.