 GOLDEN Arrows have shocked the masses as they have confirmed that they have parted ways with coach Mandla Ncikazi with immediate effect. Ncikazi, who was appointed by the club on 15 October last year to replace Steve Komphela, leaves the club after he led them to the highest position (fourth) in the league last term. “Lamontville Golden Arrows announces that the club along with coach Mandla Ncikazi have reached an agreement to amicably part ways,” said the club in a statement. “We would like to thank him for his exceptional service, in different spells, over a 15 year period. Not only in the first team but also in the youth structures and the past, present and future stars produced during his time. “He leaves through an open door and like any member of the family; he is welcome back at any time. We wish him well in his future endeavours.” Ncikazi’s departure is a huge surprise, considering the achievements he had with the team this past season with limited resources. Despite this being his only second head coaching role, he was much loved by the players. Ncikazi's previous stint was with Maritzburg United at the beginning of the 2015-16 season, ironically, replacing Komphela who had joined Kaizer Chiefs. However, he was sacked after five games after losing all of them (four in the league and one in the MTN8). Ncikazi’s first win ever as a head coach was against SuperSport United, 3-1 at Sugar Ray Xulu last year, in what was the second league game this season. That started their season’s tone as they went eleven league games unbeaten, before losing to Cape Town City 4-2 in January this year. When Arrows defeated Stellenbosch FC 1-3 in February at Danie Craven Stadium, it was their best return of points after half season. On 22 February, Arrows claimed Q-2 innovation after winning five games, losing once and drawing the other of the seven games. In doing so, they became the first KwaZulu-Natal club to achieve this before AmaZulu won theirs (the Q3 this season) on 4 May. It is not clear what led to Ncikazi's departure, but this doesn’t come as a surprise. Arrows chairperson Mato Madlala said if he has received any offer elsewhere, he can go, but he will “remember me”. Ncikazi leaves Arrows having been in charge of 31 games, winning 14, drawing 14 and losing six. 