Western Cape Transport MEC Daylin Mitchell has threatened to
close taxi ranks and routes affected by violent protests in Nyanga if the
unrest doesn't come to an end. The protests were reportedly in retaliation for a traffic
operation in which 50 minibus taxis were impounded. Mitchell said in a statement on Thursday that he had met
with taxi industry leaders to try to resolve the ongoing dispute. There will be ongoing discussions with the industry to find
lasting solutions to the concerns raised, he said. "It is important to note that the unrest in Nyanga is
not only about transport issues but is also the result of criminal activity. I
have a duty to protect public transport commuters and other road users,"
he added. "If the violence continues, I will have no option but
to exercise my power and invoke Section 91 of the National Land Transport Act
(Act 5 of 2009) in the interest of bringing stability and peace in the area.
The act empowers me to identify and close ranks and routes affected by the
disruptions in the event that the violence continues or escalates." Last week, three people were injured when Golden Arrow buses
were stoned and one was set alight at the Nyanga terminus. And this week, according to Golden Arrow Bus Services
spokesperson Bronwen Dyke-Beyer, two GABS vehicles were set alight on Monday.
All bus operations were moved to Borcherds Quarry Road on Tuesday. Seven vehicles were set alight in Nyanga on Wednesday. The seven vehicles, which included two City of Cape Town
vehicles, were torched during peak-hour traffic, mayoral committee member for
safety and security JP Smith told News24. "We further call on any member of the public with
information about those behind the recent spate of violence in the area to
please report it to the South African Police Service or to contact the City's
Public Emergency Communication Centre by dialling 021 ?480 7700? from a
cellphone or 107 from a landline," he said. "It is unthinkable that criminal elements can create
chaos and endanger lives in the manner that they have over the past few days,
and get away with it." SOURCE: NEWS24 