PUPILS of Filadelfia Special School in Soshanguve were up in
arms on Tuesday morning, 1 June. This after they were left without eating from
Friday. According to the information received, the kitchen at the
school was locked after the service provider was not paid. After the incident, the pupils told the principal to vacate
his position as they claim he is not fit to manage the school. On Tuesday morning, the pupils accompanied by some parents
gathered outside the premises of the school to voice out their concerns as they
burned tyres and held up placards swearing at the principal. A parent, who asked not to be named, said the school has
been facing a lot of problems for a while now. “Too much corruption is going on at this school. The SGB
operates in a way that we don’t understand. We were shocked as parents when we
heard that our children were starving because the service provider was not paid
on time. This is unacceptable. We all know these children are disabled and need
proper care and good nutrition on a daily basis,” said the parent. An SGB member, who agreed to speak on condition of
anonymity, also said what the pupils were fighting for was not related to the
kitchen being closed.  “Yes, the service provider was not paid on time but
everything was sorted. Just like anyone, we were surprised to hear them saying
they want the principal to go. The strike this morning started at 4am. They
claimed that the principal is corrupt. They even stabbed his car wheels and
smashed the windows,” said the member. Daily Sun tried to get hold of the principal but his phone
rang unanswered. Spokesman for the department of basic education, Steve
Mabona, said they were aware of the unrest at the school. “Our officials visited the school responding to information
that children did not have meals. We can confirm that indeed the service
provider did not cook and cited outstanding payments from the school.
Subsequently the school managed to pay the service provider. A meeting with the
Representative Council of Learners and SGB was held, wherein RCL raised their
issues among others. It was agreed that all issues will be finalised on Monday.
The meeting made resolutions to repair geysers and improve quality of food. The
impasse between pupils and the school management was resolved, and pupils will
be back in class o Wednesday. “Indeed, this incident is unfortunate and regrettable. We
are monitoring the situation closely. Our pupils deserve better, especially
pupils with special needs,” said Mabona.