Drama
erupted on the season premiere of Moja Love’s hit reality show Uyajola 99 that
is aimed at exposing cheating partners and both episodes of the show were
explosive. In the
first episode seasoned media personality Jub Jub visited a lady who felt as if
her long-time Boyfriend is slipping away from her, as the love, attention, and
affection is no longer there. “He used to
call me almost ten times a day, now he only calls three times and that is not
what I am used to, I feel like he is cheating on me, and I need you to
investigate for me because whenever he returns from work he is always tired and
we no longer get intimate like we used to,” she said. Jub Jub
investigated, and it turned out that the boyfriend is indeed cheating. The
boyfriend was found with another girl in his car and in one of their
conversations where he was asking for them to go solve their problem at home
without the cameras, he admitted that he is cheating on her with the girl that
he was found with. But before
that drama erupted and during the argument, Amanda broke the window of her
boyfriend’s car when she went to collect her bag and the lady that was found in
the car with Amanda's boyfriend told her that she gives him what she cannot
give him. In one of
the scenes’ the boyfriend drove off with the side chick and she ran after them
on foot. While
running after him, she can be heard declaring how much she loves him. Jub Jub
caught up with her and took her to the car to assist her to look for him again. “I iron for
this man, cook and look after him, yet he is busy satisfying himself with the
other lady while I am starving. I groomed him, I guess it is true when they say
that some girls love readymade men, but he will remember me one day,” she
vented to Jub Jub. At the end
of the episode, after they were caught for the second time, the side chick was
taken home by Jub Jub and his crew while Amanda and her Boyfriend drove home to
solve their problems. Reacting to
this week’s episode, viewers of the show said they are concerned about how
Amanda is willing to sweep all the drama under the carpet. “I’m deeply
concerned about how ready the Lady is willing to take this guy back home no
matter what,” Kealeboga Mothobi said. While on
the second episode Moss visited a lady who wants to repossess her property from
her estranged husband who served the summons to maintain her. She says
that she has been supporting her husband not knowing that she is taking the
money that she has been maintaining him with starting a new life with it. Reacting to
the episode people applauded her as she recorded everything on her phone. “Mama is
capturing evidence for her divorce case, that is smart,” Sne Mkhize said.