Capetonians woke up to pouring rain that has caused serious havoc in their homes as well as on the roads. Speaking to the Sunteam, residents especially from informal areas said they had to wake up in the middle of the night as the rain was getting inside their homes through the leaking roofs and some under the doors. “It is hard, I had to wake up as water started pouring into my house through the roof. I fixed the areas that were leaking previously but when it started raining last night, I found my shack leaking again. You can never be certain that your shack will not leak,” said Lungile Nombembe (44)from Nyanga. Another resident Sisipho Nkabi (56) from KTC in Nyanga said she had to wake up and sit on a corner that was not leaking. "It was something else, I had to sit on a chair and lots of water was pouring on the bed. I could not fix it at night because there was electricity and I could not do it while it was raining . Living in a shack is not a life and it is worse when it’s the rainy season,” she said. MMC of Safety and Security Jean-Piere Smith said there were 13 car crashes by midday and were caused by the heavy rains. “We remind motorists to exercise caution when driving on the roads during these weather conditions. The most basic safety precautions are to drive slower and keep a safe following distance. Avoid pools of water in the road and if you have to drive through it, reduce speed dramatically to avoid aqua- plaining which could have serious consequences. It is also worth giving yourself more time to reach your destination by leaving earlier so that you don’t feel compelled to rush. The wet weather is set to continue for most of the week, and we really want to avoid unnecessary incidents on the roads,” said Alderman JP Smith. Eskom in Western Cape says they are expecting an increase in faults in greater Cape Town and parts of the Western Cape due to the weather. “Severe weather conditions put the network at risk and can affect the electricity supply of customers in some areas and potentially leave customers with prolonged periods without electricity. Unfortunately, these conditions also affect the restoration efforts of technical teams out in the field. Eskom urges customers to remain patient and make use of the channels made available to log a fault,” said Eskom in a statement.