THEY were in love and thought they’d be together forever. So Minenhle Nsibande and her boyfriend decided to lock each other with muthi six months into the relationship. Things were so good after they locked each other they even planned to have a child together. But sadly, Minenhle miscarried when she was two months pregnant. Her boyfriend then dumped her in December after three years. Now the 33-year-old from Dobsonville, Soweto, can’t move on and regrets locking herself. Minenhle told Daily Sun when she and her ex-boyfriend locked each other, the sangoma told them it would keep side dishes away. “I relaxed and believed nothing would ever come between us,” she said. But her boyfriend started acting up around September. “He blue ticked me on WhatsApp and made excuses whenever he had to see me. “When we were together, he snuck out for phone calls,” she said. When Minenhle confronted her boyfriend about his behaviour, he got angry and she let it go. But to her surprise, he left her for someone else. “I begged him to fix things, but he didn’t want to listen.” Minenhle then went back to the sangoma, who they had paid R2 500 for the locking muthi. But the sangoma was nowhere to be found and his number went straight to voicemail. She finally accepted the break-up and was ready to move on, but no man has made a move on her. Her best friend even tried to hook her up, but that also didn’t work. “I don’t know what to do or where to go. I just want to move on,” said Minenhle. Her friend, Sindiswa Mcube (34), said she told her it was a bad idea to lock with this man, particularly so early in the relationship. “I didn’t have anything against the man. I just thought they were moving too fast and she didn’t know much about him,” she said. The People’s Paper also spoke to Minenhle’s ex. He said he didn’t care about the money they spent on the sangoma. “This is a sign we weren’t meant to be together. I feel bad for leaving her for another woman, but I fell for someone else and I hope she also moves on,” he said. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said the muthi worked well when the two parties did everything as instructed. “The muthi will be left on one party if one person does a good job and the other one does a sloppy job. This explains why the lady is finding it hard to move on. That man didn’t do everything he was supposed to do,” he said.