COMEDIAN and actress Thenjiwe Moseley has asked for prayers from her fans. She was struggling to cope with not being able to physically bury her brother, Ntuthuko Gwajo, as she was abroad. Thenjiwe said she was currently in England, and Covid-19 made it impossible for her to attend the funeral back home in Mzansi. Her 30-year-old brother died of lung failure. The comedian took her frustrations to her Facebook page, where she shared that the pain was too much. “I hardly ever share my personal pain, but this time I really need your prayers. I am struggling to cope. The pain is too much. I feel like a piece of me has been removed,” wrote Thenjiwe. She said she had played the role of a mother to her siblings after her mum died in a car accident. “When our mother was called to be with the Lord, all my siblings were in primary school (10-year gap between me and my immediate sister). So I had to take over and be the mother, with the help of our maternal grandmother uMadlamini (There are four of us altogether, me, sister and two brothers).” She went on to write that losing her brother felt like she had lost her own child. ALSO READ: KHAYA MTHETHWA TALKS ABOUT HIS DEPRESSION “The most painful thing is not being able to come home for his burial. I am in England and South Africa is on the red list of countries. This means when I return, I would have to stay in a quarantine hotel for 10 days at the cost of £1750 (over R35 000) x two if I travel with my son. I had to make the hard decision to prioritise him getting a decent send-off than me travelling home,” said Thenjiwe. “I feel like I have failed him. I feel like there’s something I could have done. I keep asking myself what I have done wrong to deserve this much pain. I do my best to do right by others and support where I can. I wish I had been given the option to give him my own lung. To everyone who has ever lost a sibling, duduzekani. Now I know the pain. It’s a deep pain. To everyone who has not been able to bury a loved one because of being away from home, duduzekani. Now I know your pain,” she continued. The comedian then thanked those who had supported her and made it to the funeral, adding that she saw it as it was streamed online. “My brother was only 30 and young-looking, so it did not even feel like he was 30. I thought my job was to raise them and they would be the ones to bury me. I never imagined that I would have to say rest in peace. Thanks to all the friends who have shown me love and support. PS: check on your strong friends and family members. We also feel the pain,” she concluded.