COUSINS Nkawza and Colour Black have formed a music group. The musicians, whose real names are Siyabonga “Nkawza” Malwane (30) and Sduduzo “Colour Black” Mthembu (24), came together because they knew they’d succeed together. The gqom and amapiano duo from uMhlabuyalingana in KZN said their mothers are sisters. Speaking to SunBuzz, Nkawza said they wanted to be successful in the music industry and that was why they became a duo. “Colour Black and I were doing our own thing before we came together in 2019. “He sang alone and I was in another group called iMasters. “But we realised that him and I are working towards the same goal and that’s working for our family and making sure they are okay. “We believe family should stick together because we understand each other better, especially because we’ve got a stronger bond tying us. “When we work with other people, their goals can change, but with us we’re certain they won’t.” ALSO READ | THATO PREPARES FOR MISS SUPRANATIONAL! Nkwaza and Colour Black are working on their debut album, which will be released at the end of the month. “In 2019, we released a single titled Ugesi. It was the single that broke us through into the industry. It got airplay and did very well. Now we’re working towards more music that we know will be as successful as Ugesi,” said Nkawza. “People should expect beautiful music from the album. We worked with different musicians who’re rising in the industry. “We have songs that build people spiritually and some will just be for fun. Everyone will love the album.” Nkawza said they recently opened their own record label, Fammattez, and will be releasing the album under it. “We started it last year, and what inspired us to start it was that we saw that being independent is hard, especially for musicians from villages like us,” he said. “We wanted to make things easier for people like us. We also host events through it.” He said they hoped their album would get airplay because up-and-coming musicians struggle with that. “Radio and TV stations don’t come through for us, even though the quality of our music is good. We hope that will change on our upcoming album,” he said.