A dispute
over who should be the president of the Pan-African Parliament on Monday ended
with allegations of gender-based violence as members tussled. At the
height of the fight, ANC Chief Whip Pemmy Majodiena vowed to lay charges of
gender-based violence against Senegalese politician Djibril War. Majodiena
says she was trying to stop a physical altercation between War and a member of
the Zimbabwean delegation. “I went in
there to make peace as I was trying to separate them. It was at that stage that
I was attacked by honourable Djibril who is the chair of the rules and he
kicked me. In an
interview with the SABC, War denied kicking the South African MP. “I had no
intention of kicking her,” he said, adding that he was trying to kick a phone
held by a Zimbabwean who was trying to take a picture of him. War
apologised to Majodiena live on air, who in turn accepted the apology. Nywe-nywe Africans are our brothers and sisters!! Banyise Africans??????Very rude awakening for Malema and all the marshmallow revolutionary#PanAfricanParliament pic.twitter.com/Y9LDsLBc2I  At one
point in the altercation, War also tried to drag Zimbabwe’s Barbara Rwodzi from
the speakers’ podium, where she was protesting against the continuation of the
vote. MPs rushed
to the centre of the dais, pulling him away. It was during this incident that
War tried to kick another MP. Economic
Freedom Fighters leader Julius Malema, who caused chaos when he threatened
another delegate last week, tried to play peacemaker. #PanAfricanParliament cic @Julius_S_Malema making sure honourable @BarbaraRwodzi she is well protected, she is an asset to SADC Region, we will unite this Africa by force, we do not take orders from France unlike Francophone nations pic.twitter.com/Hjg22HfObB  “Let’s
adjourn, call the AU to come speak to this. A man beats a woman,” said Malema. During the
chaos, members of parliament continued to shout into the microphones. “We’re
being harassed by South Africans. An entire continent is being held hostage by
South Africans.” “We are
being threatened here by South African members of parliament. We do not feel
safe here. No one is coming to our aid.” “Madame
chair, there are armed persons circulating the room and we are not feeling
safe,” shouted another, alleging that security was entering chamber. The session
was adjourned as MPs discussed the way forward. Zimbabwean @BarbaraRwodzi standing her ground at the #PanAfricanParliament, a legislative body of the AU.?? pic.twitter.com/YGKKfYjIUs  The
continental parliament was meant to elect a new president from among the MPs,
but a dispute over the rotation of that position led to bitter disagreement. Members of
the southern African delegation proposed the rotation, aimed at giving each of
the five regions a turn to lead the executive. An ad-hoc
committee was appointed to conduct the electoral process, but the committee’s
presentation was interrupted before an election could take place. Yet, even
among committee members, there was discord. "This
election cannot proceed without the procedures and the advice that came from AU
legal council. No rotation, no election, I declare,” said Rwodzi, also a member
of the ad-hoc committee. “The AU is
the mother body of the Pan-African Parliament and we follow that,” said Rwodzi,
shouting over committee chairperson Jaynet Kabila. Delegates shouted at Kabila,
accusing her of bias toward Francophone countries. Rwodzi
continued to shout, “No rotation,  no
election,” from the speakers’ podium and refused to leave it until fellow
delegates led her away. West
African delegates shouted that southern Africa was delaying the election
because they didn’t have the numbers, while southern African delegates shouted
back that the Malian presidential candidate should be disqualified over the
coup in that country. “What can
they teach us about democracy?” shouted a MP. Kabila
requested that police clear the room. Earlier in
the morning session, as the session resumed, acting president Chief Fortune
Charumbira said the African Union supported the need for rotation. “With
comprehensive debate regarding the rotation of the president of the bureau of
the PAP, all the members of parliament who contributed are unanimous on the
principle of rotation,” said Charumbira, who is also the preferred candidate
for the southern African caucus. “For that
reason, only countries from the northern and southern region are eligible,” he
said. That
announcement was also met with jeers. Delegates demanded that the bureau step
down immediately, interrupting Charumbira as he tried to continue the session
before the lunch break.  SOURCE:
NEWS24 