Embattled Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane will on Monday, 7 June, launch her final relentless push to stop parliament from impeaching her. Mkhwebane will be challenging the constitutionality and legality of the amendment parliament rules that allow the National Assembly to impeach Chapter 9 institutions. The hearing will sit in the Western Cape High Court on Monday and Tuesday during which her legal team, led by Advocate Dali Mpofu, will attempt to tear apart the legality of the move. This is part B of Mkhwebane’s court bid which she launched after National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise approved the DA’s motion to investigate her fitness to hold office. The motion was overwhelmingly voted for by the parliament and in the process exposed the ANC factional battles as they played out in the open during the voting and leading up to the vote. ALSO READ: A GIANT REMEMBERED Mkhwebane’s bid to interdict the proceedings failed, resulting in the National Assembly setting up an ad hoc committee that has now started the process of investigating her fitness to hold office. She has, however, been thrown a lifeline after Modise announced that all political party members taking party in the process would have voting rights. But the next two days will be very crucial for Mkhwebane, who has consistently complained about how Modise has treated her and accused her of being biased against her. She has also raised objections to MPs who have publicly attacked her not to be allowed to take part in this process, or be allowed to vote. Mkhwebane has also raised the matter of the amended rules saying they should not be applied to her as they were adopted after she was charged. Modise was having none of that and argued in her answering papers that Section 194 of the Constitution empowered the house to remove Chapter 9 institutions such as her office. “The NA Rules merely operationalise the grounds for removal of Chapter 9 office bearers and do not tamper with the grounds for their removal, as specified in Section 194 of the Constitution,” Modise argued.