KAIZER Chiefs have moved their recruitment drive into high gear, with Bongani Zungu their latest target. Amakhosi have already sounded out the Bafana Bafana midfielder, who has a year left on his contract with French side Amiens SC. Zungu spent the season on loan with Scottish side Rangers where he won the Premier League. But the 28-year-old old will not be staying with Steven Gerrard’s team. According to a source, Amakhosi are keen to bring Zungu on board as part of their rebuilding plan of a team in great decline. Zungu, though, is understood not to be keen on a move back home yet as he still wants to test himself overseas. But it may come down to the offer Amakhosi present. “The club has asked Zungu for a meeting to make an official offer. They really want to make him their first big signing in the coming transfer window, and are willing to meet his demands,” said the source. Should a deal be agreed, Zungu will become the first high profile signing for Chiefs and a clear sign that they want to arrest the team’s slide into mediocrity. Zungu has returned to his parent club in France, but he is not looking to play in the Ligue 2, although Amiens coach Oswald Tanchot wants him to bolster his squad. Zungu made 12 league appearances – five in the Europa League and two in the Scottish League Cup for Rangers. But he found it increasingly difficult to force his way into Gerrard’s team after he served a ban for breach of Covid-19 protocols in Scotland. Zungu made a name for himself with Mamelodi Sundowns, where he won three major trophies. That was before he moved overseas to join Portuguese side Guimaraes and later Amiens when they were still competing in Ligue 1. The Duduza-born star has also been a regular feature for Bafana, with 30 international caps to date. The source, however, added that Chiefs were not the only club after his signature, with teams in Russia and France also monitoring his situation closely. Chiefs are understood to be on the verge of appointing Stuart Baxter as head coach after they axed Gavin Hunt. Baxter is a big fan of Zungu, having worked with him during his stint as Bafana coach.