THE Guptas used complex schemes to launder taxpayers’ money to various shell companies overseas. This money, amounting to billions of rands, was received from state capture contracts. This was what South African Paul Holden, a researcher with Shadow World Investigations, told the Zondo Commission yesterday. He said the contracts he investigated included the procurement of 1 064 locomotives and the Estina Dairy Farm. “The laundering was complicated, but there was a certain pattern to how they operated. “At the very top level, there was a first level laundry vehicle company that received funds from state contractors,” said Holden. He said in some instances, one shell company would receive funds and launder to various others abroad. “The funds are often sent on to a further party, who further aggregates the funds and makes those transfers onwards again,” he said. Holden said no contrary evidence could make him change his findings that the contracts were related to state capture and the benefit of Gupta enterprises. “The Gupta enterprise was making use of pre-existing and independent criminal networks,” he said. One company, based in Hong Kong, was owned by Gupta lieutenant Salim Essa and received money from locomotive kickbacks. Another one was paid R144 million from other contracts. “The bulk of that money comes mainly from Regiments.” Homix, another Gupta-linked company, received R395 million from Neotel, now Liquid Telecom, and Regiments. He said Homix operated for just over a year. Holden said the Guptas used a network where different companies were used at different times, with most registered in Hong Kong or China. Holden said what was seen was just the tip of the iceberg of money laundering in South Africa. He said following the Gupta funds, more than 3 659 transactions into networks in Hong Kong and China were found and only a small portion were Gupta-related. “What emerges is an incredibly disturbing pattern of huge flows of funds into Hong Kong via these offshore networks. “It illustrates a truly shocking scale of organised crime in South Africa,” he said.