JACOB Zuma’s plea to have prosecutor Advocate Billy Downer removed is wrong and should be dismissed. This is one of the arguments contained in the state’s answering affidavit to Zuma’s application to have Downer removed from prosecuting his arms deal corruption trial. In his papers, Zuma has argued that he would not get a fair trial with Downer leading the prosecuting team because he’s a witness in the case. This arose from when Downer filed an affidavit supporting the DA’s court application that Zuma’s case be reinstated after it was struck off the roll. But the state in its papers argues that while it is within Zuma’s right to apply for the recusal of the prosecutor, he could not do it through a special plea. Downer submitted that the special plea was not based on his title to prosecute as seen in the law. “For this reason alone, I submit, the special plea falls to be dismissed,” Downer stated in papers. He carried on to say that the special plea didn’t entitle Zuma to ask for an acquittal. ALSO READ: KILLERS:
WE ARE SORRY! He said there were other capable prosecutors in his team who could continue with the trial. Downer also denied the accusations in Zuma’s plea application that he had interfered with the investigation or prosecution, either politically or at an intelligence level. He also denied that he had failed as a prosecutor to ensure his prosecution was not politically compromised. Downer charged that Zuma was seeking a stay of execution, which he could raise in the future if he was charged again with the same offence. In the 153 page affidavit, Downer deals at length with accusations of political meddling as well as the striking off the roll of the case by Judge Chris Nicholson due to political meddling. This include the Spy Tapes in which it was alleged that Zuma was spied on. ALSO READ:
ZODWA WABANTU TAKING CARE OF THE DEAD Downer denied he was ever involved in the tapes. “My affidavit in the Spy Tapes matter gave a truthful account of my and the DSO investigations and prosecution team’s involvement,” he said. “Throughout this long drawn out matter, I have conducted myself in accordance with the requirements of the NPA Act, my oath of office as Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions.”