SHE was never pregnant, tests have revealed! The Gauteng government has instructed the State Attorney to institute legal action against Pretoria News news editor Piet Rampedi and the Independent Media. This comes after the story of a woman who reportedly gave birth to decuplets earlier this month. Mzansi was happy for the couple and shocked at the record of the mum giving birth to 10 babies. People started having doubts as no hospital had a record of her giving birth. Gauteng communications head Thabo Masebe said a thorough check with all hospitals in the province to establish the veracity or otherwise of reports was done and none of the hospitals in the province – public and private – had any records of such births at their facilities. Masebe said on 17 June, Pretoria News published a report alleging that Gosiame Sithole gave birth to decuplets at Steve Biko Academic Hospital and that government was trying to cover up medical negligence. “These allegations are false, unsubstantiated and only serve to tarnish the good reputation of Steve Biko Academic Hospital and the Gauteng government,” said Masebe. He also said social workers made contact with Gosiame to establish her whereabouts to determine how the department could provide any assistance and care for her and her children. “The social workers became concerned with Gosiame’s state of health and arranged for her admission at Tembisa Hospital for observation,” he said. He further stated that Gosiame was admitted at Tembisa Hospital on 18 June and various medical tests were conducted on her. “She was meant to be kept at the hospital for 72 hours, which lapsed on Tuesday, 22 June. Upon completing their preliminary examination on Monday, 21 June, doctors recommended that she be kept at the hospital for 7 more days for further observation, in accordance with the Mental Healthcare Act,” said Masebe. He emphasised that Gosiame did not give birth to any babies in recent times and that she was not pregnant in recent times. “The Gauteng government will continue to give medical, psychological and social support to Gosiame and provide any counselling she might need,” said Masebe.