XOLISANI “Nomeva” Ndongeni has promised to bring his A-game when he comes up against Zimbabwean Peter Pambeni in their international junior welterweight bout. The pair is set to headline the upcoming TLB Promotions tournament dubbed “The Night of Honour and Passion”, which will take place in Soweto on 26 June. The tournament, put together by boxing promoter Joyce Kungwane of TLB Promotions, will be part of the commemorations for Youth month. This as the country looks back on the Soweto uprising, which took place on 16 June 1976, where thousands of students were ambushed and massacred by the apartheid regime. The six bout boxing spectacle will be housed at the DOCC/YMCA in Soweto where the late great former President Nelson Mandela used to train as an amateur boxer. Ndongeni’s bout with Pambeni will be the main act and the former IBO Lightweight champion, who has only lost twice in 29 fights, has promised fireworks. “It’s going to be a great fight,” said Ndongeni. “The training camp has been great, I feel that I’m in good shape and in a good space mentally. I’m ready to give a solid performance on the day of the fight. “I’m the main bout, so it’s important that I give a solid performance and show everyone why I’m the main bout. There are a lot of capable fighters on the bill, so I need to stand out.” In the main supporting bout, former WBC Super-flyweight champion Athenkosi Dumezweni will battle Namibian Johannes Simon. Dumezweni will be hoping to redeem himself after he lost by TKO to Argentine Fernando Daniel Martinez in his last fight. “I don’t want to speak much,” said Dumezweni. “I just want to get in the ring and let my hands do the talking. As you know I’m still recovering from a defeat so I just want to get back to winning ways.” In the other supporting bout, former SA, WBF and Gauteng champion Matshidiso “The Tiger” Mokebisi will battle the unpredictable Bonita Van Jaarsveldt in a nine title bout. “I’m really looking forward to getting back into the ring,” said Mokebisi, who boasts13 wins, eight losses and one draw in her 22 fights. “It will be a very good fight and yet another good advert for women’s boxing in the country.”