PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has once again committed his administration to improving the lives of young people and creating opportunities for them. In a virtual address to the main Youth Day celebration in Pietermaritzburg, KZN yesterday, the president announced the launch of mPowa, a platform linked to the SA Youth Network, which he hoped would benefit the nearly 64% of unemployed youth. “It aims to provide young jobseekers and entrepreneurs with information about services and support available in their area,” Ramaphosa said.  “This platform builds on the success of the Youth Explorer, which has gathered and verified data on services available to young people across the country.” He said another initiative that had benefited young people was the Presidential Employment Stimulus, which began in October 2020. He said although Covid-19 meant some of the government plans had to be adjusted, it would not go back on its commitment. “Our goal is to become a country where every young person has a place to go, whether in further education and training, skills development, work experience, entrepreneurship, youth service or formal employment,” he said. Ramaphosa promised that young people would be placed at the centre of the country’s plans to recover from the pandemic, which made an already bad economic situation worse.  He called on the youth to register on SAYouth.mobi, a user-friendly and free platform that could be accessed from any cellphone or computer. It allowed young people to create a profile and view opportunities for learning and earning. “Just as the generation of 1976 did, I call on you to take responsibility for your future. This requires focus, patriotism, commitment and consistency. In a word, it requires hard work. You are the generation born into democracy,” he said. “We know that by providing the youth with work experience opportunities, supporting them to start and grow their own businesses, fixing our skills development system and creating opportunities for work that serves the common good, we can make inroads.” A Presidential Youth Service was set to be established to create opportunities for young people to meaningfully contribute to their communities and develop critical skills.  She was addressing young women in Zola, Soweto, to celebrate Youth Day. “Today is another day to tell South Africa that we love and are here for each other, as well as to connect and talk about things that bother us,” she said. “Gender-based violence starts in homes because good-for-nothing uncles take out their frustration on women in the house. “I’m not saying this is the case for everybody, but these things are true.” Motlanthe said the foundation supported education, development and training. “It also exposes girls to innovation and solutions like food security programmes and ways to support each other.” Meanwhile, politicians and ordinary resident gathered at the Hector Pieterson Monument to lay wreathes.