WHILE on duty at the Community Service Centre in Orkney near Klerksdorp in the North West, police heard gun shots not far from the police station. And moments later, a man who was profusely bleeding entered the centre armed with a pistol. The incident happened on Monday at about 7.10pm. Captain Sam Tselanyane said the victim told the police he was apparently shot at the Engen garage at the corner of Shakespeare and Flecker Roads in Orkney. “The police immediately proceeded to the scene and upon arrival, they were told a white Ford Ranger with about three occupants entered the garage and stopped next to the Toyota Fortuner with four occupants. It was parked near the exit route. “Moreover, the suspects allegedly fired shots towards the Fortuner as well as randomly and that ultimately resulted in fatally wounding three of the occupants while the fourth victim managed to flee,” he said. Police said five bystanders were also injured in the process. And all the injured were subsequently transported to a local hospital. “The motive for the attack is currently unknown and preliminary investigation revealed the deceased were members of long distance taxi association operating between North West and Eastern Cape provinces. No one has been arrested as yet and investigations into the matter continue,” Tselanyane told Daily Sun. Acting provincial commissioner, Major-General Dintletse Molefe condemned the incident. She instructed the district commissioner to invoke a 72-hour action plan in order to trace and apprehend the perpetrators of this heinous crime. Police urge anyone who may have information that can lead to the arrest of the suspects to contact the investigating officer, Detective Sergeant Paul Ompie of the Provincial Organised Crime Unit on 076 529 5025. Alternatively, CrimeStop can be contacted on 08600 10111 and anonymous tip-offs can also be communicated via MYSAPS Application. All information received will be treated with confidentiality and informers may opt to remain anonymous.