ORLANDO Pirates management are negotiating with Mamelodi Sundowns senior coach Steve Komphela to be in charge of the team next season. A reliable source told SunSport that Bucs management brought in Mandla Ncikazi from Golden Arrows to work together with Komphela. The two coaches have a good relationship as Ncikazi was Komphela’s assistant at Arrows. Ncikazi was given the hot seat when Komphela joined Sundowns in October last year. Komphela will replace Josef Zinnbauer, who has allegedly been shown the door for his failure to qualify the Soweto giants for next year’s Caf Champions League. Pirates finished the season in third position on 50 points, four behind AmaZulu who snatched the second Champions League spot alongside Sundowns. The German mentor won the MTN8 last season, but it was not enough to satisfy Pirates management. Welshman Cameron Toshack was also linked to the job, having guided Swansea development teams. “Pirates management approached Steve to become head coach as they believe he will help the team to win the league title and qualify them for the Champions League. They had already shared their vision with Ncikazi. That’s why he agreed to join the technical team as he will reunite with Steve,” said the source. However, the only stumbling block standing between Komphela and a Bucs deal is that he is still contracted to the Brazilians. Added the Source: “Steve was supposed to have been announced by Bucs together with Ncikazi last week, but the Soweto giants management are concerned about the huge amount they must pay Sundowns to release him from his contract.” Pirates official Floyd Mbele poured cold water on Komphela’s pending move, insisting that Zinnbauer is still in charge of the team. “We have a coach. I don’t know where those rumors come from. We have never brought another coach while another one is there and say he must take over.” Komphela won his first gold medal as coach last season when he guided Sundowns together with co-coaches Manqoba Mngqithi and Rulani Mokwena to lift the DStv Premiership. He failed to win a trophy during his three-year stint with Bucs’ arch rivals Kaizer Chiefs prior to his move to Arrows. If he joins Pirates, he will follow in Mokwena’s footsteps as he moved from Downs to coach Bucs, then loaned to Chippa United after his failure to win a trophy.