THE Zulu Royal House has locked horns over the cleansing ritual of late king Goodwill Zwelithini’s weapons: a spear, sticks and a shield. The ritual, performed from Wednesday to Friday last week, took place at KwaKhethomthandayo palace in the absence of newly appointed King Misuzulu. Zulu monarchy traditional prime minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi is demanding the ritual be performed again. He believes only Misuzulu, as next king, has the right to take the weapons. Misuzulu is angry the ritual was performed in his absence despite giving orders it shouldn’t be done as he had flu. “One of the ceremonies following the passing of a king is the washing of his weapons,” he said.  He said the ritual will be performed again in the presence of Misuzulu where inqina, or hunters, will be authorised by the king to bring a wild animal and wash Zwelithini’s weapons with its blood. But royal house members, including seniors, said the ritual won’t be performed again as it went well. Zwelithini’s brother, Prince Mbonisi, who led the ceremony, told the People’s Paper Misuzulu and other royals were invited to be part of the ritual. “We reported the ritual to our ancestors and inqina went to hunt a wild animal. King Zwelithini’s weapons were washed following all our culture and protocol. I won’t reveal more details about what kind on animal was used,” he said. ALSO READ: BUSHIRI DECLARES WAR! “We’re done with the ritual and no one will perform it again. The family will meet to discuss the succession processes because the mourning period is over.” Zwelithini’s sister, Princess Thembi, and his daughter Princess Nombuso made it clear they didn’t recognise Misuzulu. Thembi said: “In our culture, we start talking about the throne after we’ve ended the mourning period. We’ve done it and will now talk about the succession process to nominate our king.” Cultural expect Jabulani Maphalala said: “The challenge is that the ritual was performed alongside the ritual of setting aside mourning dresses for Zwelithini’s wives. Both rituals were reported to the ancestors.”