A GROUP of Soweto residents thinks illegal foreigners are responsible for the problems Mzansi is facing. On Youth Day, the group gathered around and tried to shut down businesses owned by them. Residents said they wanted illegal foreigners gone, and that what they had named Operation Dudula will continue until there was a difference in their lives. Diepkloof community leader Zandile Dabula (35) believed the youth had nothing because illegal foreigners had taken over. “We don’t have jobs because all these places are filled with foreigners,” Zandile alleged to Daily Sun. Musa Nkosi (37) claimed that starting a business was hard because illegal foreigners sold the same goods, but at a cheaper price. He said he tried opening a spaza shop, but it died a slow and painful death. “I can’t blame our people for not supporting us. “Everyone wants a discount,” said Musa. Some men claimed illegal foreigners took their women. Nhlanhla Mlotshwa (31) said his woman had left him for a rich guy, which motivated him to be part of the march. The group also invaded two places said to be drug houses. Instead, residents found gogos who couldn’t answer much. One of the tenants said the 71-year-old gogo was mentally disturbed and didn’t know anything about drugs. Residents also removed more than 15 families of foreigners who lived in an old post office, blaming them for crime and drugs. Another community leader, Mlungisi Sibisi (46), said they had warned them to leave. “We don’t care if they’re left homeless. We want to improve our lives, so they should improve theirs in their own countries.” The families told Daily Sun that they paid R500 rent to a caretaker, who was nowhere to be found. Valodia Cande (25) said she had nowhere to go and didn’t have relatives in South Africa. Amerco Maute (36) said he started living there two years ago, but lost his job when Covid-19 hit. “I thought life would be better here, but things keep getting worse for us,” he said. The anti-xenophobia group, the Thembelihle Crisis Committee (TCC) said they believed in maximum unity of the working class across all races, nationals and gender among others.