BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic team manager, William Mothokoa, has been FIRED by chairman Max Tshabalala. Mothokoa was sacked by the club on Monday following salary disagreements. He told SunSport that he is still waiting for his dismissal letter "and the actual reasons why I was fired". "I got fired on Monday, just like that after such a rich history with the club," said Mothokoa. "I've worked for this club since 2017. I've asked for a payment offer, or call it a raise on my salary, and the chairman didn't oppose to it. But time went by and nothing has been said about the salary adjustment. I enquired last year and he said I must give him three months until January, which I agreed to. But months went by and I thought I must by him more time because the club was encountering financial problems. "I approached him in March this year and he told me about waiting for a sponsor where he's expecting something to come." But he said he realised that Tshabalala didn't take it well that he was demanding what was his. But when players and some technical team members got paid their outstanding salaries and bonuses, but he never said anything to me, "or even paid some of balances". "I asked the GM (Sainty Molale) after our game against (Mamelodi) Sundowns and I explained to him that I wasn't paid. I had financial problems and my accounts were going unpaid, my cellphone contract was blocked for outgoing calls and I could only receive. But on 26 May players got their bonuses and I was told that he (Tshabalala) will look for money until 2 June to pay me," he said. Mothokoa said on Monday he was called to Tshabalala's office: "He then asked me questions and spoke about money. Then he told that to cut a long story short, he doesn't want to work with me anymore." He added: "I'm still waiting for my dismissal letter. I need to pack my stuff and take them home to Mokopane (Limpopo), and make plans to relocate my family back home. But all this can only happen when I'm paid my salary." Celtic general manager, Sainty Molale, said they don't comment on internal matters.