FOLLOWING the sudden death of veteran actress Shaleen Surtie-Richards, MultiChoice has decided to honour her on its DStv and Showmax platforms. The media giant will be honouring her trail-blazing career with the never-before seen documentary Shaleen Surtie-Richards: I Am Who I Am on M-Net on Wednesday, 9 June at 7.30pm. It will also be simulcast on kykNET and kykNETkie on Sunday 13 June at 8pm. The documentary will also be available to stream on Showmax on Thursday 10 June, with additional commemorative programmes on various other channels. Speaking to Daily Sun, director and executive producer of the documentary Diana Lucas said: “The documentary was commissioned to celebrate a South African icon and in its final stages of post-production when the news of her death was announced. It was an honour for the team to pay tribute and spend time with Shaleen in the making of this film. Her incredible story is historically significant for the people of South Africa.” ALSO READ | WATCH: SHALEEN IN HER ELEMENT! According to MultiChoice, the intimate documentary revisits Shaleen’s life from her childhood in Upington all the way to her career. Her close friends and colleagues, including Marc Lottering, Sandra Prinsloo, Pieter-Dirk Uys, Brümilda van Rensburg, Katinka Heyns, Patricia de Lille, Bobby Heaney and Kevin Smith will share their memories and stories of the woman who lived her life in defiance of stereotypes. In 1988, Shaleen portrayed the role of Fiela Komoetie in the Katinka Heyns film Fiela Se Kind – a ground-breaking achievement for an actress of colour during apartheid. With her portrayal of Ester “Nenna” Willemse, the spirited caregiver of Marlborough Mansions in M-Net soapie Egoli: Place of Gold, she became a household name. She has also featured in shows such as 7de Laan, Villa Rosa and Generations. She died on Monday in Cape Town. Here below is the summary of programmes and tributes on DStv platforms: Hannes Aan Huis on Tuesday, 8 June at 9pm, kykNET (DStv channel 144) . Shaleen Surtie-Richards: I Am Who I Am on Wednesday, 9 June at 7.30pm on M-Net (Dstv channel 101) and KLOP at 8.30pm on kykNET&kie (DStv channel 145). Shaleen Surtie-Richards: I Am Who I Am on Thursday, 10 June on Showmax. Ontbytsake on Saturday, 12 June on kykNET and kykNET&kie (DStv channels 144 and 145). On Sunday, 13 June at 7pm on Carte Blanche, M-Net (DStv channel 101); Surtie-Richards: I Am Who I Am at 8pm on kykNET (DStv channel 144) and kykNET&kie as well as Swirl at 8.30pm on kykNET&kie (DStv channel 145) and fliekNET (DStv channel 149).