KZN Social Development MEC Nonhlanhla Khoza has asked residents to protect the LGBTQIA+ community from abuse and murder. This comes after the killing of yet another young woman, Anele Bhengu (22) from KwaMakhutha, who was a lesbian. According to Khoza, Anele’s body was found dumped on Saturday. It’s alleged that she was raped, stabbed, and her throat slit and stomach cut open. Khoza said Anele’s brutal murder has sparked more fears among the gay and lesbian community, as they’re increasingly becoming targets of homophobia. “The increasing incidents of murders of LGBTQIA+ members in the province were disgusting and shocking. It’s clear that a lot needs to be done to stop hate crimes. The brutal murder of this child is symptomatic of the challenges we have in the society. We are left in shock and fear by the killing of our children in this province,” said Khoza. She said incidents of this nature are worrying because they are setting the country backwards. “Our constitution was the first in the world to protect people from discrimination because of their sexual orientation. We also became the first in the African continent to legalise same-sex marriages, but we still experience these murders and abuses,” said Khoza. She said it was disappointing that despite government and various activities to continue to fight against the scourge of these murders, some residents continue to discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation. “We all have a responsibility to end these violent crimes in the province. We need to get to the bottom of this as to why people have so much hatred towards the LGBTQIA+ community. “We call on all citizens to work with the law enforcement agencies, government and different bodies to end such cruelty,” said Khoza. She sent her heartfelt condolences and sympathy to the Bhengu family following the incident. She also gathered a team of social workers to meet the Bhengu family to offer them counselling. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that a case of murder was opened at KwaMakhutha cop shop for investigation. “It is alleged that on 12 June 2021 at 8pm, police received a complaint of a murder at Hill area in KwaMakhutha and responded to the scene. A body of a woman was found with multiple stab wounds. The motive for the killing is unknown. The matter is still under investigation,” said Gwala.