ACTOR Loyiso MacDonald has scored a major role. The talented actor, who is best known for his role as Kagiso Khoza on Mzansi Magic’s telenovela The Queen, is the latest thespian to join the Market Theatre in celebration of their 45th anniversary and he will be leading a production called Dusk, directed by Palesa Mazamisa. According to the Market Theatre, Dusk is set in a Limpopo farm during an unprecedented rainy season with two characters, Tessa and Kgotso “KG”. It tackles issues around mental health, abuse, land and violence and ultimately the power of love and forgiveness. Tessa is a 58-year-old former actress and now mother and wife, forgoing a promising career to devote her life to raising her children, caring for her husband and tending the farm that will one day be left to her eldest son, Chris. Chris’ announcement at a Sunday family lunch during a visit home from university upends Tessa’s carefully curated life and throws her world into chaos. A year later, in grief and with her mental health slowly deteriorating following the events of that fateful day, Tessa is visited on the farm by KG. ALSO READ | COMEDIAN GIFTS MUM WITH A HOUSE! KG has just completed medical school and has returned to the area to begin his mandatory community service residency at the local hospital. He has treasured childhood memories of the farm and his relationship with Tessa’s eldest son Chris. His parents lived and worked on the farm, as had generations before them and he has come to see Tessa, ostensibly to check up on her but also to find out what happened the year before on the farm. The announcement of this new role comes weeks after he left the Mzansi Magic telenovela. Speaking about his departure, Loyiso said it was not easy as he had to think long and hard about it. “My decision was born from wanting to pursue other ventures and to challenge myself as an actor. I am proud of what we as a production have been able to achieve with the show, and am personally grateful to each crew, production and cast member I’ve had the pleasure of working with over the last five years,” he said. According to the Market Theatre the show will premiere on the 2nd of July and will run until the 1st of August. 