BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic players and technical staff will now be able to focus on winning their remaining two DStv Premiership matches without having to worry about unpaid salaries and outstanding win bonuses. Siwelele boss Max Tshabalala put a smile on the faces of all his employees by paying all the money owed to them. This was after SunSport published a story last Thursday about other technical staff members going to work hungry as they were not paid their April salaries. The players were also paid after they boycotted training session last Wednesday to ensure their grievances were met. An excited staff member who asked to remain anonymous told SunSport that his kids will now have a lunch box when they go to school after he got paid double salary. “We first got paid our April salaries on Tuesday and on Friday we received our May salaries. I managed to pay all my outstanding bills and also bought groceries to ensure my kids have food when they go to school. I thank Daily Sun for the intervention.” Celtic spokesman Sello Nduna revealed that players have now channelled their focus on qualifying for the MTN8 Cup. Siwelele will battle it out against league champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium tomorrow before wrapping up their schedule with a date against relegation haunted Black Leopards in Thohoyandou on Saturday. “Like we promised, indeed it happened that everybody was paid. The players were paid their outstanding bonuses and the staff got their salaries too,” said Nduna. “Our groundsmen and technical staff are also happy. Our focus now is on winning games against Sundowns and on Saturday against Leopards. “When you approach two tough games like this without anything to worry about, winning is possible. We want to make our fans proud by finishing the season within the top eight.” Although Downs have nothing much to play for since they have already wrapped up the title, Nduna is aware they won’t have an easy passage to glory. “Sundowns are the champions, they are a good side with quality players and we will give them respect off the pitch, but on it, will be a different story,” said Nduna. “We beat them 1-0 in the first match of MTN8 Cup and went all the way to the final where we lost to Orlando Pirates. We want to beat them to ensure we have one leg in the top eight before we meet Leopards on Saturday.”