A STELLENBOSCH municipal official has been arrested in connection with the murder of Cameron Mcako, who was shot at his tavern in November 2019. Mcako was the deputy mayor of the same municipality at the time of his death. Western Cape DA leader Albert Fritz confirmed the incident and said the party is looking at the matter in a serious light. “The Democratic Alliance in the Western Cape notes the arrest of the official. He was arrested on 1 June 2021, on an alleged charge of murder. The party views this allegation in a very serious light. We await further information on the matter and will communicate further upon receiving the outcome of both the internal, as well as external legal processes,” said Fritz. He said they are waiting for more information and will communicate further upon receiving the outcome of both the internal, as well as external legal processes. Fritz said the developments will not impact service delivery in Stellenbosch and residents can rest assured that all municipal operations remain functional. Stellenbosch municipal spokesman Stuart Grobbelaar said they are aware of the development concerning the official. “The municipality has been made aware that an office-bearer was taken into custody by the South African Police Service. The individual has not yet appeared in court to enter a plea. The charges remain unknown. The municipality will only be in a position to release an official statement once this has happened,” he said. Police spokesman Colonel Andre Traut said three people were arrested on Tuesday night, 1 June. “In what is believed to be politically-motivated incident, Mcako was shot and wounded at his Kayamandi tavern on 1 November 2019 and succumbed to death two days later in hospital. The thorough investigation led detectives to a husband and wife aged 56 and 46 and a third male suspect aged 48 who are scheduled to make their court appearance in Stellenbosch tomorrow on charges of murder and conspiracy to commit murder. Police management in the province congratulated the detectives for their diligence to pursue the case so the perpetrators can see their day in a court of law,” Traut said.