MAGISTRATE Sipho Sibanyoni has brushed aside the state’s
decision to oppose bail for the four police officers who were in the dock in
connection with the murder of Mthokozisi Ntumba. The state used public outcry, student protest, distrust of
the justice system, and anger of the public as their reasons for the magistrate
not to grant the applicants bail. But that was not enough as there was no evidence to back
statements made by the state that the four police officers Tshephisho Kekana
(27), Cidraas Motseothata (43), Madimetja Legodi (37) Victor Mohammed (51)
should be denied bail.  BREAKING: The four police officers arrested in connection with the murder accused of #MthokozisiNtumba have been granted R8000 bail each by the Johannesburg Magistrate Court. @dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/ktumW3eXM2 Sibanyoni said: “However, the above being statement made from the bar by the respondent, without any back-up in a form of evidence, or by a way of affidavit or oral evidence, does not carry weight. “And the statement from the bar does not amount to evidence,” he said on Friday when delivering the judgment of the four applicants. “No community members from the general public or student community have given evidence for the respondent to his submission.” Sibanyoni granted the four officers bail, amounting to R8 000 each. The granting of bail was also accompanied by some conditions. “They should not threaten or intimidate state witnesses, directly or indirectly. They should not apply for any passport or any travelling documents.” Sibanyoni added: “There is no concrete evidence that if released on bail, the applicants will threaten or intimidate witnesses.” The magistrate said the applicants are South African citizens, with immovable assets. He said the applicants before the court have no passports nor any travel documents and have no relatives outside South Africa. He said they have got no business interests nor assets outside South Africa. “All four are employed by the South African Police Service, it above indicates that the applicants are not flight risks.” He said the cops have got family around, which shows that they have ties in Mzansi.  