FREE State farmers, taxi drivers, emerging farmers and teachers gathered on Wednesday, 17 March protest against the poor state of roads in the Ficksburg area. They demanded that provincial government fix the R26 highway between Ficksburg and Bethlehem immediately. The local farmers and taxi drivers parked their tractors and taxis in the middle of the roads to block traffic. Community organisations including the Ficksburg Agricultural Association and the Ficksburg Taxi Association took part in the protest. They started a non-violent protest by getting together to braai on numerous busy roads in the area to show their dissatisfaction. According to former councillor Lesole Thamae, the community of Ficksburg, including farmers, recently formed a forum called Setjhaba sa Ficksburg. The forum has one common goal, namely to address the poor road conditions and lack of service delivery. Earlier this month, Daily Sun published an article about angry Free State farmers and commuters who tackled potholes on the R26 at their own expense. Speaking to Daily Sun, farmer Jan Scheepers said the government made a lot of empty promises regarding the fixing of roads. “We are entering the harvesting season for beans and we have to transport workers and move farming equipment on these roads. The R26 is indeed a busy road and it is narrow with little space to overtake slow-moving vehicles. “There are a lot of trucks on this road to supply goods to Lesotho and vehicles that are transporting agricultural goods. We need to put pressure on government to deliver,” he said. MEC for Police, Roads and Transport Sam Mashini met the farmers and taxi driver representatives on Wednesday. “I wish to promise all the farmers, taxi associations and the community as a whole that my department will fix these roads from today. “The programme of filling potholes has already started at the R70. I saw the critical condition of R26 highway between Ficksburg and Bethlehem. “My chief engineer will work together with all parties for immediate action,” Mashini said.