WHEN a woman took her daughter to a sangoma, she expected the man to perform healing rituals. The woman regrets taking her daughter there. She told Daily Sun the sangoma, instead of helping her daughter in December last year, slept with her. “I don’t know how that sangoma fooled me into taking my daughter to him,” said the sad mother. “I took my daughter to him to be helped as she was struggling to cope at school and had menstrual problems.” She said instead of healing her daughter the sangoma locked her in a room and slept with her. She said her daughter still had menstrual problems. “I hate him. He’s evil. How can he turn my daughter into a wife, just like that?” she said. “In December my daughter and I went to consult, and things he told us were correct. So we believed him. We did what he asked because we wanted my daughter to get healed.” She said the sangoma asked her to bring a white chicken to chase away bad luck. “He bathed my daughter with muthi, closed the door and played loud music,” she said. “My daughter even helped him to prepare the chicken in a closed room. When my daughter came out he’d already slept with her.” She said that’s when their love affair started. “I want the evil sangoma to pay for what he did to my daughter. He did evil things to her so she could sleep with him,” she said. The victim told Daily Sun the sangoma touched her bum and, before she even realised it, he was on top of her. She said the sangoma might have used powerful muthi to sleep with her – she did as she was told when they had sex. The victim said she suffered emotional abuse for two months. “That sangoma has charming muthi. I regret ever meeting him and becoming his sex slave,” she said. She said the sangoma must stop calling and visiting. “I regret the day I entered that sangoma’s yard. I don’t know how many people he did this to,” she said. The victim said he was seeing another young woman now. But the sangoma said she’s angry because he wanted two wives, so she left last week. “I didn’t force her to sleep with me. All those things she says out of anger,” he said. The sangoma said if she continued lying about him they’d meet in court.