Volkswagen will launch the eighth generation of the Golf GTI in the second quarter of 2021. Mzansi is one of the biggest Golf GTI markets outside of Europe, with 34% of the 42 320 total seventh generation Golf sales being the GTI derivative. VW says the Golf model range was also the best-selling in the A Hatch segment in South Africa last year with a 29,1% segment share. The GTI’s formula of success is that its DNA has never changed. It still has a clean design, front-wheel drive, the most agile running gear, a powerful petrol engine and insignias like the red stripe in the radiator grille. Volkswagen has digitalised the new Golf GTI, throwing it into the future with a host of intelligent assistance systems and a powerful and stylish design. The Golf GTI’s ignition lock has been replaced by an engine start/stop button, which is notable in that once the doors are opened, it pulses red until the engine is started. The design of the new Golf GTI also matches its added driving dynamics.  At the front, the wide air intakes, low-positioned standard LED headlights and unmistakable signature light on the radiator grille are particularly distinctive. The latter is illuminated for the first time by a narrow LED strip, which flows on the left and right into the headlight modules. At the rear, the roof spoiler, diffuser and two round tailpipes located at the outer sides are striking distinguishing features of the new GTI. The optional panoramic sunroof is controlled using a swiping action.  This is the first generation of Golf GTI to have a completely digitalised interior landscape of displays and controls. The digital displays of the standard InnoVision cockpit and infotainment system start up as soon as the doors are opened. The previous three-spoke sports steering wheel has been transformed into a new multi-function leather sports steering wheel with touch controls. The Golf 8 GTI will be the second model in the Volkswagen range to come available with the optional Harmon Kardon sound system with a 12-channel amplifier with 480W output as well as eight speakers, one centre speaker and a subwoofer. It has been given 11kW more power than its predecessor.  The 2.0l turbocharged front-wheel drive engine now develops 180kW and a torque of 370Nm.  The four-cylinder engine is coupled with a 7-speed dual clutch transmission. It takes 6,4 seconds to complete the 0-100km/h sprint.