Activist and award-winning controversial author, Jackie Phamotse has bashed her haters. In a heated Instagram post, she told them she will not be told what or what not to wear. She said if Michelle Obama can wear a bikini, so can she. Her post was accompanied by her photo in a colourful bikini. It’s unclear what triggered the heated post but whatever it was certainly rubbed her the wrong way. “Michelle Obama wears a bikini!!! If you have a problem with me wearing one, block me! I don’t honestly care. “Now I can’t live my life because of your expectations!!! Public figure or not! We now can’t swim because you have your own ideas of how we should live! I worked hard for my self confidence and your negative comments won’t affect me! Whether I want to be the president or not, I will still be me. A title won’t change who I am. Block me and move on! Some of you seem to forget that wearing bikinis doesn’t change what’s in my brain. I don’t owe you a suit and tie! I don’t see why I’m so special not to wear bikinis like all your other public figures! I’m not special! I equally have a life! Now can I continue with my birthday holiday.... ???? Is that okay with you??? This same body just wrote 5 books! What have you done????? Let me go and celebrate ?? PS. It’s just a reminder, all is good here,” she wrote. An Instagram user, Feziwe comforted her and said: “It’s only the minority of unhappy jealous people. They are just winding you up. The majority of people like you. Just wear what you want. It’s your body given to you freely by God. We love you Jackie.” Mahle wrote: “Wear your bikini, my love. I am working on my bikini body. Can’t we freely express ourselves as women without being judged.” Another user, Becky Sbanda wrote: “Looking amazing. That body is to die for. Whoever says otherwise can pick a finger.” Jackie is the author of Bare, a book that comes in three parts including, Bare: The Blesser’s Game and Shattered Innocence, Bare: The Cradle of the Hockey Club and the recent one being Bare: Ego. In October last year, the second edition of Bare: The Cradle of the Hockey Club won the adult fiction award at SA book Awards.