SWALLOWS FC coach Brandon Truter is hoping that losing their unbeaten record in the DStv Premiership will be a blessing in disguise. The Dube Birds suffered their first defeat in the league this season after they were stunned 2-1 by TS Galaxy at Mbombela Stadium on Tuesday. It was Swallows’ first loss in a league match in nearly a year, with their last defeat coming against the University of Pretoria in March last year when they were still in the GladAfrica Championship. Truter believes that his team will now play with more freedom rather than fear of losing now that their incredible record has been broken. The Birds seemed to have been playing not to lose instead of playing to win in recent matches, hence they drew more matches than they would have liked. The Soweto outfit have recorded nine draws this season, the most by any team in the league. “It’s almost a year since our last defeat, so we look to bounce back quickly,” said Truter. “This might be a wake-up call, but the boys did very well. I have to emphasise that. I am proud of them. “I have to motivate them because they are a bit down after that result. We thought we had won the match, but we got sucker punched. But I’m sure it won’t be much of a problem motivating the boys. We have some experienced players in our team who can help get the rest of the squad up again. “We need to get the defeat behind us a quickly as possible and move on to the next challenge.” Swallows face Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). They will be seeking revenge against the Limpopo side, who handed them their first defeat in all competitions last week when they eliminated the Birds from the Nedbank Cup on penalties. Truter is confident that his side will put their recent setbacks behind them and get back on the winning trail against Vhadau VhaDamani. “I think the boys are playing very well,” added Truter. “We were just unlucky to lose, but we will get that behind us and focus on the next match against TTM. It’s our home game and we also want to turn over the Nedbank Cup loss. We look forward to that game.”