MIXED reactions over a six-second video clip of a teacher combing a pupil at a school gate has left Twitter streets divided. This comes after Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi shared the video on his timeline, commenting that it was “unacceptable” and instructing his team to look into it. After his post and statement, many Tweeps emphasised the teacher was not allowed to do this at any school. This became a hairy issue for the entire day as the debate continued, leaving Panyaza’s post with 1 400 comments, 885 retweets and 1 800 likes. In the video, the educator was heard saying: “Next! Ya hao etlo kameha? (will your hair be straightened?)’.” Many people reacted, with Thembu Woman writing: “These kids should have told her to butt off. If somebody did this to my child, there would be hell to pay.” Oteng_Lamola wrote: “Telling children their natural hair is dirty is weird, colonial and absurd. That’s why we have kids with low self-esteem denying their natural being.” Others defended the teacher, with The Weeping Woman saying: “Now the learners really need that woman/teacher for a mother if our country has parents like you.” Say It wrote: “Panyaza is now bullying. Public education system has no discipline because of such interference. Learners are very disrespectful towards teachers. He (Panyaza) keeps quite when kids disrespect teachers. Answer to this video Mr MEC! What has been done about this?” Jimmy Ramokgopa said: “I’m sure the kids were informed prior to the requirements. I honestly can’t blame the teacher for taking it upon herself to enforce this simple requirement. If kids can’t follow simple requirements, we can’t expect them to follow stricter requirements in the future.” The South African Schools Act allows schools to develop and introduce their own code of conduct. In most schools, parents enrolling their children sign the code of conduct, usually at the beginning of the year. Meanwhile, pupils at Pretoria High School protested and shut down the school in 2016 after a teacher allegedly said a pupil’s Afro looked like a bird’s nest.