An updated fixtures list has been
released by Athletics South Africa, and while there have been some changes made
due to the ongoing pandemic, it includes a full calendar of the national
championship events.  Though dates have not yet been
confirmed, two ASA Invitational track and field meetings are provisionally
scheduled for March.  The ASA Age Category (U18 &
U20) Championships will now be held on 7-10 April in Paarl, while the 3Sixty
Life ASA Senior T&F, Combined Events and 50km Championships will be held in
Tshwane on 15-17 April.  In another change, the ASA
National Primary Schools T&F Championships, set to be held in
Pietermaritzburg on 23-24 April, has been postponed to later in the year on a
date to be confirmed.  The rest of the 2021 calendar
includes multiple national road running championships.  The fixtures list features the
Nelson Mandela Bay Half-Marathon Championships on 1 May in Gqeberha which
incorporates the ASA Half-Marathon Championships, the Sanlam Cape Town Marathon
on 17 October incorporating the ASA Marathon Championships and the FNB Durban
10km CityRun on 31 October incorporating the ASA 10km Championships.  The ASA Cross Country
Championships will be held in Durban on 18 September.  Internationally, the season will
revolve around the Olympic Games in Tokyo from 30 July - 8 August.  The 2021 campaign also includes
the World Athletics Relay Championships in Silesia between 1-2 May, the CAA
African Senior Championships in Algeria from 1-5 June and the World Athletics
U20 Championships in Nairobi between 17-22 August.  "The release of the updated
national fixtures is greatly appreciated by the board and will be welcomed by
athletes, parents, coaches and our members because it allows everyone to plan
better," said Aleck Skhosana, the President of Athletics South Africa.  "Our athletes are largely not
at the same level of preparation as some parts of the world, because our
national lockdown has been quite restrictive affecting progress. This is,
however, not unique to South Africa because many athletes around the world have
also been struggling to access international competitions against a few
countries who have been able to.  "We have noted a great
improvement in our athletes who continue to persevere as the government
continues to loosen the lockdown levels.  "Because of the late return
to class this year including the behaviour of the pandemic, we have moved the
ASA Primary Schools Championships from its dates in April and will be held
later in the year on a date to be confirmed. This too, will be depended on the
behaviour of the Covid-19 virus at the time. Pietermaritzburg remains the
venue.  "School going athletes must
note that they have access to provincial and club competitions, and we urge
them to contact their ASA provinces for assistance so that they can remain
active.  "As we all maneuver carefully
around the pandemic and the understanding of the new normal, we look forward to
a good and competitive year where we hope many will qualify for the Olympics
and all national teams."  