PROLIFIC SuperSport United striker Bradley Grobler won’t give up on his ambition to score 20 goals, come end of the DStv Premiership season. Goals seems to have dried up on Grobler, having last found the back of net from a penalty spot in their 1-1 draw with Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on 20 February. The 33-year-old revealed that they have endured a tough time in January and last month, which made it difficult to increase his scoring tally of 13 goals at the top of scorers chart. Grobler is three goals ahead of Swallows FC striker Ruzaigh Gamildien, who is also going through a rough patch, as he also scored his last goal via a penalty kick in their 2-1 defeat to TS Galaxy on 2 March. “There is no doubt how difficult the second round has become with other teams fighting for their lives, while others are fighting for the league,” said Grobler. “I said I will score 20 goals, but unfortunately things have slowed down. January and February have been difficult months. “It’s honest to say personally this is not what I expected, but I got tired and started missing opportunities.” Despite the setback, Grobler is confident that he will reach his target, having had enough time to recuperate ahead of their league clash with Stellenbosh FC at Danie Craven Stadium on Friday (5pm). “It was disappointing for me having scored 10 goals in the first 10 games of the season. We have 10 other games remaining, so I will push and give 100% effort on the pitch because I still have the ambition to reach 20 goals.” Although Matsatsantsa a Pitori have been struggling to keep up with pace-setters Mamelodi Sundowns, Gobler said they will fight for the title until the last day. United are five points behind their city rivals, having collected 34 points from 20 games. However, the Brazilians have three games in hand. “We have played a lot of football with a small squad and we had tired legs. Sundowns have a team that won the treble. They signed players and have a new team. Realistically, nobody can compete with them. But we won’t give up. We want to win games and finish as high as possible.” However, Grobler knows that it won’t be easy to overcome wounded Stellies in their backyard. The Cape Town side are still smarting from a 2-1 defeat at the hands of Downs at the same venue. “Stellenbosch are a tricky side. They play well and are well structured. They are dangerous on the offensive, with a lot of guys who are willing to run. We had a nice break, and we look sharp and are hungry again. We know what we need to do to overcome them.” THIS WEEK’S FIXTURES: FRIDAY SATURDAY SUNDAY