Moja Love, which has managed to keep tongues wagging about their shows, has done it again. This time, their new show, AmaBishop, which started on Sunday night, 7 March left people wanting more. AmaBishop is hosted by TV presenter and actor, Nimrod Nkosi. It brings religious leaders together and they discuss different issues with Nimrod. In the first episode, Pastor Mboro, Bishop Maponga, Pastor Enoch Phiri and Reverend Tebogo Moema joined Nimrod. Also on the panel, was activist and journalist, Solomon Ashoms. Solomon is known for speaking up against and exposing pastors. He brought the heat to the show and gave Pastor Mboro a hard time. Solomon accused the pastor of getting R1 million from Enlightened Christian Gathering(ECG) leader, Shepherd Bushiri. ALSO READ | PORTIA’S OUT TO HEAL LISTENERS This angered Pastor Mboro and they ended up having a heated argument because Mboro said Solomon didn’t give him a chance to respond. The episode started a debate about Christianity and how church leaders misuse church money. Viewers were impressed by the first episode and it was trending number 1 on Twitter and most of them were mostly impressed by Bishop Maphonga and Solomon. “A very wise man. I just love how well-spoken Bishop Maponga is. A fav” one tweep wrote. “I like Solomon’s balance between fact and faith. He mentions very important facts about the commercialisation of faith and also how desperation leads to people committing to churches although they know it’s all a lie,” other one said.  ??BrandNew ??We look at how the church has evolved over the years and discuss controversial issues with a panel of church leaders around the church. #AmaBishop Today at 22h00 On Moja LOVE DStv Ch157 pic.twitter.com/IOHA6iTao3 I like Solomon’s balance between fact and faith ...... He mentions a very important facts about the commercialisation of faith and also how desperation leads to people committing to churches although they know it’s all a lie #AmaBishop pic.twitter.com/tmWZ6Phg2z A very wise man.I just love how well spoken Bishop Maponga is.A fav #AmaBishop pic.twitter.com/2BN0BhmEGr When he said Mboro and Bushiri are stealing from the poor who can't even afford School fees. ?? #AmaBishop pic.twitter.com/C0xNKg3eCQ This Guy's doesn't wanna give Mboro a break....if no peace was a person ??????????????#AmaBishop pic.twitter.com/80BmJa83zb Lol they should've just named the show "The Roast of Mboro" because wow!!! Ba mo palama. #AmaBishop pic.twitter.com/mZ3APZKwFB 