JEALOUSY, witchcraft and bad-mouthing have forced Thokozani Dube underground. Fearing for his life, Dube went into hiding after being chased by a gunman and, according to him, he survived an attempt to turn him into a zombie. The actor, who played the hitman Hlabisa on Uzalo, said he narrowly escaped when a real-life hitman chased him at gunpont in Durban last year. Dube told Daily Sun some of his family members and friends are jealous of his acting talent and his gifts as a sangoma. “When I started to shine on TV last year, a gunman accused me of practising witchcraft. I escaped and went into hiding,” he said. “I consulted a sangoma, who told me that evil people have used their tricks to make me look like a bad person when in front of people. When people saw me they wanted to beat me up or shoot me for no reason.” He said a sangoma also told him some family members had found out he had powerful sangoma gifts and wanted to take it away from him before he goes for training. “It hurts me that my acting career is on hold. I have also realised that people are bad mouthing me because if I sneak out of hiding and somebody sees me they accuse me of being evil. “I know that I have acting talent and the gifts of a sangoma but jealous family members want to take it away from me,” he said. Dube said he recently fell ill and it felt as if something like a mouse was moving around inside his body and his stomach. “I sneaked out to consult another sangoma who told me some of my family members are trying to turn me into a zombie and take all my luck,” he said. “I’m currently on treatment for this and I’m hoping the sangoma will help so this nonsense can stop. and I can go back to my normal life.” He said he misses acting. “I still have many talents that I want to put on display,” he said. Dube has played in many local films based in Durban like Idayimane, Nomthawelanga and many more others. In 2019 he shot a film titled Izizwe and Odd Spirits where he played both the visible and the invisible lead characters.