 THE arrest
of a Durban University of Technology (DUT) student (21) who allegedly killed a
fellow student, Thabiso Mhlongo (19), on 7 January this year, brought mixed
emotions to the Mhlongo family. This was
revealed by the deceased’s mum, Thandeka Mhlongo (43) on Friday, 12 March
following a brief appearance of the suspect at the Durban Magistrates Court. He was
arrested on Wednesday after he was nabbed at his hiding place in Isipingo. Thandeka
said it was hard to say exactly how she felt about the arrest. “When I saw
him entering the dock, the pain of losing my son that was slowly fading away
was renewed. "I
have mixed emotions because while I’m happy that he has been nabbed, that
doesn’t take away the fact that he killed my son and because of his evil hands,
I’ll never get to see my son ever again,” said Thandeka. She said
seeing the suspect in court reminded her that the bright future her son had
ahead of him, was cut short. “He’s the
reason why I feel that all the work that I’ve put into raising my son with the
hope that he would make me proud has gone down the drain. "My
son is dead, on the other side of the story, he’s still alive. One day he’ll
walk out of jail and will continue living his life,” said Thandeka. Thabiso was
stabbed to death allegedly by the suspect on 7 January at DUT’s Sterling House
residence. Thabiso,
who hailed from Mandeni, north of KZN, was doing his second year in Human
Resource Management at the institution. Thandeka
previously told Daily Sun that on the day of the incident, Thabiso, along with
three fellow students, were having a discussion on their studies in their room
when they were joined by the suspect. The
conversation turned sour and ended in Thabiso being stabbed to death. DUT
spokesman Alan Khan said: “DUT welcomes the arrest. DUT hopes that this arrest
will bring some comfort to the bereaved family and that justice will be
served.” KZN police
spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said the suspect was on the run since then. “A case of
murder was opened at Durban Central SAPS for investigation. On Wednesday, the
investigating officer who was assigned to the case followed up information
about the suspect involved in the murder. The suspect was arrested in the
Isipingo area where he was hiding,” said Gwala. The Acting
Provincial Commissioner for KZN, Major General Thulani Gonya, praised the investigating
officer for his perseverance in solving the case. 