MDANTSANE residents in East London, who are in need of services at the Inyibiba Police Station, are not getting any satisfaction. This because the phone line listed on the South African Police Services directory was not working. Police spokesperson Khaya Tonjeni told Daily Sun that the number had since been changed to a different one. So was the case at Alice Police Station after Telkom changed the telephone lines to a different landline number. Residents, who were unable to walk or drive to the two police stations, said they had phoned the stations but the number on the directory rejected their calls. Sizakele Lewu from NU 17 in Mdantsane, whose jurisdiction is Inyibiba, said: “For over a month I tried to call the Inyibiba station and the number does not even ring; the calls are rejected. At first I thought I was dialling a wrong number but after numerous attempts, I realised that something was wrong with the phones. How are we expected to get a service when the lines are not working? This is unacceptable. They need to fix this before someone dies as a result of not getting help,” said Lewu. Another resident, Luthando Tyobeka, said she tried calling Inyibiba, but to no avail. This was after he suspected a robbery at his house. “The next morning I went to the station to enquire about the phones. I was told they were not operating. How was I supposed to know? It was a walking distance to the police station for me, but what about people who live far? Management should have made some efforts in the form of a loudhailer to alert the community, even if it meant calling a meeting,” said Tyobeka. Replying to questions from the People’s Paper, Tonjeni said Inyibiba telephone lines had not been working since September last year due to cable theft. He said the following month, the cables were re-installed, but stolen again. “Telkom was informed, and it said it would be too expensive to replace the cables again,” said Tonjeni. He said in December last year, a new telephone system was reinstalled. “Inyibiba lines have been working since then. This resulted in the station number to be changed to 043 764 8919, which was communicated to the community,” he said. From Friday to Sunday, Daily Sun called police stations Vulindlela in Mdantsane and Bisho, but the calls went unanswered. Tonjeni said the numbers for both stations were operating normally. When asked about the non-operating numbers at Alice Police Station, Tonjeni said: “Telkom changed the (telephone) lines.” He the provided new numbers, but Alice resident Bongani Mjekula said he did not know the new number and that the change was not communicated to the community.