FORMER Eskom and Transnet CEO Brian Molefe does not regret being friends with the Guptas. On Monday 8 March, Molefe told the Zondo Commission he didn’t believe they betrayed him. He said the person who betrayed him was former public protector Thuli Madonsela. “I feel I was done in by the public protector. The person who was supposed to protect me against this onslaught was her. The Guptas may have done what they did, but I was not part of it,” said Molefe. He said Madonsela released her State of Capture report, which led to the establishment of the commission in 2016 without interviewing him. He said there was no evidence he did wrong by frequently visiting the Gupta compound in Saxonwold, Joburg. “To suggest impropriety you must do more than what the public protector did. She hauled my name over the coals,” said Molefe. He said despite being close with the Guptas, he didn’t know their lieutenant Salim Essa. He said he never met him during his many visits to their house. “I can’t comment on what Essa was deployed to do. I don’t know Essa. I know the Guptas.” When asked how the Gupta-owned newspaper The New Age knew he’d be group CEO of Transnet before the appointment was announced. He said he was overseas at the time and it didn’t worry him. Molefe had an altercation with evidence leader Anton Myburgh when Myburgh said he was an intelligent man. “I take exception to Myburgh saying I’m intelligent. That’s patronising. Please don’t patronise me,” said Molefe. He later said he was not concerned that Essa used his name to advance corruption. “If I was involved, I’d be concerned. It’s not something my life has to stop about,” he said. Earlier, former public enterprises minister Malusi Gigaba denied ever receiving bags of cash from the Guptas. His lawyer Advocate Richard Solomon told the commission during cross-examination of witness 3 Gigaba wasn’t at the Gupta home on the dates mentioned by witness 1. “Gigaba denies he carried large sums of cash with him,” said Solomon. Witness 3 said he didn’t see the former minister receiving cash, but he connected the dots as he’d come out of the Gupta residents with a bag during his frequent visits. Witness 3 said on one occasion he saw former president Jacob Zuma’s convoy at the residence.