Veteran SABC News journalist Noxolo Grootboom has read the news for the last time earlier today at 7 PM. She's one of Mzansi's beloved newsreaders with her famous outro: "Ndinithanda Nonke Emakhaya". She's been receiving a lot of love from all over South Africa and trending number one on Twitter. She's retired after 37 years of delivering news. Her final words???? she touched all of us #NoxoloGrootboom pic.twitter.com/CQ9MUIAx21   "What a moment. What a stellar career. All the things a news anchor should be: Class, professionalism, trusted, and a reassuring voice even in uncertain times. Thank you Mam’ Noxolo Grootboom. You have set the bar high. Enjoy your retirement, you have earned it," Mel Bala tweeted. Christo Thurston said Grootboom means big tree. "Metaphorically a Grootboom represents a library. Mama Noxolo Grootboom has provided a shelter of knowledge and the legacy of the biggest tree in the forest. Enkosi," he tweeted. Cheers to #NoxoloGrootboom! For 37 years you played your part with excellence and never descended to the gallery ( and never degenerated into party political factional wars), and that’s how genuine News and Media Practitioners should be. Farewell and May God Bless you. Cheers ??! pic.twitter.com/uJCRgfv18C  Businesswoman and reality TV star, Laconco also sent her best wishes to mama Grootboom. "I’m so honoured that Laconco naturals, last year during women’s month was granted the opportunity to celebrate you. Thank you for allowing us into your home, the conversations we had, the laughs and she even baked me scones. Enkosi mama for telling our stories," she said.  "It’s only fair to say, you’re one of those who led the way and made it possible for so many of us to follow in your footsteps, or at least try. Staying in this career for as long as you have, being as graceful as you are, is extraordinary indeed. Take a bow Ma," Cathy Mohlahlana. Former public protector, Thuli Madonsela said "A fitting farewell to Noxolo Grootboom, an icon who made many fall in love with the Xhosa language even when they could not understand some of the words or phrases," said Madonsela. [ MAMELANI ] Mam' #NoxoloGrootBoom's farewell message. Ey bethuna, what a bittersweet moment.????? pic.twitter.com/iDXWMtXQ7l 