MAMELODI Sundowns made more continental history but this time with the help of Covid-19, according to co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi. Downs recorded their first ever win against DR Congo giants TP Mazembe in Lubumbashi, winning this Caf Champions League clash 2-1 in a near-empty Frederic Kibassa Stadium on Saturday. TP Mazembe home ground is usually a fortress packed with their volatile supporters making life difficult for visiting teams. But due to countries trying to curb the Covid-19 pandemic, most games on the continent are played in empty or near-empty stadium. The Sundowns co-coach believes that had an impact on their historic triumph on Saturday. Downs became the first team to beat TP Mazembe at their fortress since 2009. The Brazilians win sees them maintain their place at the top of Group B with goals from Peter Shalulile and Lyle Lakay earned Downs their win at Lubumbashi. “First one should give thanks to Covid-19 because with supporters it is always different,” Mngqithi told reporters after the match. “When the stadium is full, you (Mazembe) always give a good account of yourselves. We played with a not so full stadium. But I must also not take credit away from my team. “We prepared for this encounter. We knew we are playing against a very good team. Our confidence is very high. I think we have played probably 23 matches, and we have not lost a match this season which is also a good account of the team and the way we prepare. “The boys fought very hard, even though there were some circumstances within the game that were very difficult. I would also like to know why the goal we scored in the first half was not a goal because we believe we scored.” Downs finished the match with 10 players after Ricardo Nascimento was sent off in the 73rd minute. Mngqithi said they are always prepared for such incidents. hence they managed to hold on to win the game with a man down. He said: “Fortunately, this season we had this situation before in the league where we played with 10 men (against Black Leopards) and we ended up winning that match 2-1. We always prepare for such eventualities because we know in a game of football, especially in the Caf Champions League, you can get a red card out of nothing.” On Wednesday, Sundowns will be back in the domestic competition as they face Polokwane City in the last-16 of the Nedbank Cup at Loftus Stadium (3pm).