BAFANA Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki has been fired. Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe confirmed on Wednesday that Ntseki will no longer be part of the Bafana structure following their elimination from 2022 Africa Cup of Nations. They lost 2-0 to Sudan in their final match, which followed their 1-1 draw against Ghana. "Our failure to qualify for Afcon is a setback in terms of Vision 2022. But we should not isolate it because there were some successes," said Motlanthe. "Give it to coach Ntseki. He collected 10 points, which shows there was work done. We're not going to restart the process but we need continuation. We need a coach who will take us forward, to the World Cup. There's no space for failure. We need a quality coach. We want Bafana to be in line with Vision 2022. We need a coach who will take us there."  Safa are yet to meet with Ntseki for him to give them a report following a dull Afcon. Ntseki was appointed in August 2019 unanimously, taking over from Stuart Baxter who resigned a month earlier. The 50-year old mentor was assistant coach to Shakes Mashaba and Baxter and assumes his responsibilities with immediate effect.It all started with Ntseki appointed on an interim basis but was confirmed as the new head coach. Safa president, Danny Jordaan and vice-presidents - Irvin Khoza, Ria Ledwaba, Xolile Nkompela, Gay Mokoena; and honorary president, Lesole Gadinabokao were present when he was appointed. Before the name of Ntseki was announced, the technical committee which was mandated to look for the new coach read out the criteria which they used to arrive at their decision. The search committee was made up of chair, Jack Maluleke, vice-chair, Buddha Mathathe, SAFA TD, Neil Tovey, former Bafana Bafana defender, David Nyathi and Sudesh Singh. But Ntseki failed on his mandate to qualify for Afcon 2022 and the association saw it risky to let him carry on with the Qatar World Cup qualifier. And now the Safa technical committee are back in search of identifying a new head coach.