ON Sunday Kaizer Chiefs host Orlando Pirates in a historic 100th fixture between these two sides. The match is billed at FNB Stadium at 3pm. SunSport takes a look at players with the most competitive appearances in the Soweto Derby since the start of the Premier Soccer League era in the 1996-97 season. Here is the list of the top five. 1 Siphiwe Tshabalala – 31 appearances and 4 goals  The former Kaizer Chiefs midfielder still holds the record for the most appearances in the biggest club football match in the country having played 31 games before he left Amakhosi in 2018.During his days donning the Gold and Black colors Tshabalala who is currenlty playing for AmaZulu helped Chiefs to many notable Derby wins, holding the record too for the most appearances in the fixture in the PSL era. Shabba is he is affectionatly known in the football circles made his ‘debut’ in the fixture in the same match in November 2007. 2 Happy Jele – 30 apps, scored one goal  The veteran defender is the most capped Orlando Pirates player in this fixture with 26 appearances, he could extend his record this weekend when he features in the Pirates central defence. He made his ‘debut’ in the fixture in a 0-0 draw in October 2009 and he has been a regular ever since. His only goal came in a 2-1 league loss in September 2011. 3 Willard Katsande - 27 Apps and scored two goals  The Zimbabwean midfielder is the most capped foreign player in the Soweto Derby with 27 appearances and he is expected to feature for Kaizer Chiefs this weekend. 4 Itumeleng Khune - 27 apps and without a goal  Khune was once the stand-out number one for Chiefs and won many a Derby for his side with brilliant saves. But that is in the past now and he has to contend with the challenge of Nigeria international goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi. Khune who made his derby debut in November 2007 will miss the Sunday game. 5 Bernard Parker – 26 Apps and have only two goals in tis fixture  The Chiefs stalwart has appeared in 26 Soweto Derby matches since joining the club in 2011. His second, and last, Derby goal came in the MTN8 semifinals in 2013. 