President Cyril Ramaphosa
has promised that government was working to "ensure that the Covid-19
vaccine is available to every person in the country" - although he did not
provide any time frames on this. Ramaphosa said in his
virtual Human Rights Day address on Sunday that "unity" and "the
strong culture of human rights in our country" largely contributed to
South Africans being able to weather the coronavirus storm. He noted that the Human
Rights Day commemoration came almost a year since the pandemic led to a state
of disaster being declared. Epidemiologists had,
earlier this month, expressed doubt whether South Africa would be able to
achieve herd immunity by vaccinating 67% of its population, or around 40
million people, by year-end. The rollout has been slow
and a vaccination calculator, developed by local data journalists, showed that
it would take more than 18 years to achieve that target at the current rate of
vaccinations. Ramaphosa said South
Africans had issues with each other, but they had more in common, and shared a
common goal: to defeat the pandemic. He said, like the heroes
who protested at Sharpeville on 21 March 1960 for freedom and human rights -
did it for everyone in the country. He said: "In the same
way, the struggles we wage today are not for our cause alone. They are also for
the men, women and children of tomorrow, so that they too may live in security,
comfort, peace and freedom." He said South Africa had
come a long way from being a society that cared only for a few at the expense
of the majority, as government, in partnership with social partners and civil
society, worked to realise human rights for all. "Through the provision
of care to the sick and social support to the vulnerable, we have worked
together to give effect to the most important rights of our people," he
said, "the right to life, to health and to dignity". He also said government had
implemented "social and income support measures to support struggling
households, workers and businesses" in recognition of the impact the
pandemic had on people's ability to earn a living. Ramaphosa also said South
Africans should work towards establishing a country that was even better than
before, and to build an economy "that promises equal opportunity for all". He said the struggle to get
through the pandemic was "far greater than ourselves" and went beyond
just securing one's own job and health and safety. "It is a fight to
preserve our common humanity," he said, and this would involve working
together as government, labour, business or communities. He said: "We must
rebuild a society that is far better than the one that came before it." Ramaphosa also said there
should be "equal opportunity for all, regardless of one's race, sex,
sexual orientation or whether one is able bodied or a person with
disabilities". DA leader John Steenhuisen,
however, said government's failure to procure Covid-19 vaccines thus far, and
its failure to put in place a rollout programme "has been the ANC
government's single worst failure in the 27 years of our democracy". He said this was a
violation of the rights of South Africans to healthcare services. The party has
launched a "vaccine tracker" to "monitor South Africa's vaccine
procurement and nationwide rollout", he said. Steenhuisen also said the
rights of South Africans had been "eroded" under lockdown, and
mentioned the police brutality at the start of South Africa's Covid-19 lockdown
last year as an example. In the first 40 days, there
were 589 complaints of assault filed against the police with the Independent
Police Investigative Directorate, with 32 South Africans dying at the hands of
police. He also questioned the
constitutionality of the Disaster Management Act, which enabled government to
curtail people's rights to earn a living, to move around freely and go to
school. Steenhuisen said South
Africans had "very little to celebrate" on this Human Rights Day. The Economic Freedom
Fighters said they preferred to commemorate the day as Sharpeville Massacre
Day, as people's lives have not changed materially since 1994. SOURCE: NEWS24 