THE tasks are similar for Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns in the Caf Champions League. But the challenges are completely different. Amakhosi are still dazed from their 4-0 defeat to Wydad in their last group C clash, while Masandawana are top of Group B with six points – unbeaten in two matches. There is an air of excitement in the Sundowns camp far away in Lubumbashi where they are scheduled to tackle DR Congo giants, TP Mazembe, at the TP Mazembe Stadium on Saturday (3pm). For the Soweto giants, hope springs eternal. They host Pedro de Luanda at FNB Stadium tomorrow (6pm), unsure of what to expect and low on morale. But Lebogang Manyama has insisted all is not lost for Amakhosi. “We still have a good chance of going through to the next stage in the Caf Champions League,” insisted Manyama. The task ahead may look impossible for Amakhosi, who are winless in two Group C matches, so far. However, the midfielder is confident they can still turn their floundering Caf campaign around, starting with their tie against. Gavin Hunt’s men were beaten black and blue by Wydad, suffering their biggest loss in the Champions League when they spanked 4-0 on Sunday. “We still have four games to go in the group stage,” said Manyama. “If we can win both our home games and try to get maximum points away against one of the teams, we’d stand a good chance of going through. “Everybody still has to play everybody in the group. So, all is not lost. It’s another tough game against an unknown opponent (De Luanda). But it’s a home game and we will go all out in full force and launch a full attack.” The dust has barely settled on their humiliating loss to Wydad, but Manyama said they have taken lessons from the harrowing experience. He has also admitted that it was always going to be tough in the Champions League for Amakhosi. He added: “We are playing against some of the top teams in Africa. In the first game, we could have won. Unfortunately, as it has been our season, we missed chances. And sometimes we get punished for missing those chances. “In this tournament, you have to win your home games to make things a little bit easier.”