RESIDENTS of Marite Trust outside
Bushbuckridge in Mpumalanga have taken their concerns over a missing woman to
the streets. They allegedly brought the village to
a standstill by hijacking delivery trucks passing their area and barricading
the busy R40 that connects Hazyview and Bushbuckridge since early this week. The residents are said to be angry
because they suspect the taximan boyfriend of missing woman Tumelo Molapo (23)
from the Nkanini section in Marite might be responsible for her mysterious
disappearance. Resident Joseph Nkosi told Daily
Sun they are angry since they learned of Tumelo’s disappearance and
they believe her boyfriend, who drove a taxi on the same route they’re
blocking, might know the whereabouts of the woman. “We barricaded the roads in support
of the family. We believe someone is behind it. As residents of Marite we won’t
rest until we find this woman. Her family is in pain because they don’t know if
she is alive and dead,” said Joseph. Mpumalanga police spokesman Brigadier
Leonard Hlathi confirmed that a missing persons case was being investigated
after reports received by police indicate that Tumelo was at Bushbuckridge
Shopping Complex running some errands with her aunt on the day of her
disappearance on 22 February this year. “She reportedly then informed
her aunt that she was going to see a friend who called her and requested that
they meet. She was wearing blue jeans and a blue T-shirt with sandals on the
day that she disappeared.  “We want to call for calm and
residents should refrain from barricading roads, which denies other people
movement. Anyone with information that can assist in finding her can contact
Detective Warrant Officer Nicol Setwane at 072 906 8621 or contact the Crime
Stop number on 08600 10111. All information will be treated as confidential and
callers may opt to remain anonymous,” said Hlathi.   Photo: Hijacked trucks used to
barricade the R40 at Marite Trust. Photo: Residents barricaded roads
over the missing Tumelo Molapo.