AN unknown gang ambushed a police station in Jouberton earlier today. According to the North West Provincial Commissioner, Lieutenant General Sello Kwena the motive of the attack is unknown. However, the Commissioner alleged it may be led by an incident that occurred on the 20th of February. On the fateful Saturday, several cars and houses were torched in the area. A case of malicious damage to property, attempted murder and arson were opened for investigation. pic.twitter.com/DxUvRfWIXy  Speaking to Daily Sun, Kwena strongly condemned the incident and called for calm. “An unconfirmed number of people, who are alleged to be members of a gang, stormed Jouberton police station at about 10:00 today. It is alleged that the group accused the police of conniving with one of the gangs,” he said. Kwena added that when the gang entered the Community Service Centre (CSC), they demanded to see the Station Commander. “According to information at our disposal, reports suggest that an attempt was made to disarm the police of an R5 rifle which was in the CSC, but members of Tactical Response Team (TRT) intervened and successfully pushed the group out of the station,” he added. “The exact motive is not yet known. However, it is suspected that the incident is related to setting alight of several houses and vehicles since Saturday, 20 February 2021 to date, although only cases of malicious damage to property, attempted murder and arson were opened for investigation. The last incident of arson occurred at Extension 12, on Sunday evening, 28 February 2021,” said Kwena. The Commissioner sternly warned that acts of lawlessness and undermining the authority of the State will not be tolerated. “No matter how one is dissatisfied, complaints must always be raised acceptably and within the ambit of the law and that the police will not hesitate to track those who are responsible,” he said. @PresidencyZA @SAPoliceService Police officers attacked at Jouberton Police station this morning ?? pic.twitter.com/mUku5P6xJU 