A MADALA
was driving alone in his car when another car came, drove next to him and then
opened fire. Madala
Chris Morale from Ntuzuma, north of Durban, lost control of his Toyota Yaris at
H section in KwaMashu and crashed into the veranda of a house near the road on
Friday. The
60-year-old man succumbed to his gunshot wounds and his car was left riddled
with bullets holes. An
eyewitness who asked not to be named told Daily Sun that she was on her way to
work when she saw the grey VW Polo making a U-turn as the Yaris came. She said
the Polo then drove near the Yaris and opened fire. "Several
shots were fired at the Yaris. The driver of the Yaris lost control and crashed
into the house. The Polo then made another U-turn and drove away," said
the eyewitness. The
eyewitness said perhaps the people who attacked the Yaris driver were informed
of where he was and they drove to this direction to kill him because they
didn't take anything from the driver. "I
suspect that this was a planned hit," said the eyewitness. The owner
of the house that the Yaris crashed into, Mkhukuli Shabangu (28), told Daily
Sun that he was sleeping when he was awoken by the car crashing. "I
woke up and went to see what had happened. I went out of the house shouting that
who ever is in that car must be prepared to pay for crashing into the house.
But when I got to the car I saw that the man was shot. I was shocked because I
didn't hear any gunshots," he said. He said the
man's family came and they promised to come back and fetch his spirit as he
died in his yard. He said they said they would fix the damage. "Only
the veranda was damaged. I'm grateful that my sister and I were not injured or
even killed," he said. Chris'
brother Bheki Morale (54) said his brother was on his way to buy stock for
their tuckshop when he got shot. He said
they were informed by a passerby that Chris was shot in this area, saying that
the family then drove from their home in Ntuzuma to the scene. "This
looks like a hit, it doesn't look like hijacking or robbery. So far we've found
his things inside the car. So we were told that he was shot and the killers
drove away," he said. He said his
brother didn't tell the family if he had anyone who wanted him dead. "We
are still shocked and in disbelief. We've arranged to return to the house and
fix the damage. We will also come back to fetch his spirit," he said. KZN cops
spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed the matter. Gwala said a case of murder
is being investigated at KwaMashu SAPS. "It is
alleged that this morning at 7:45, a 60-year-old male was fatally shot in a
drive-by shooting which occurred along Nyala Road in KwaMashu H Section.
Several shots were fired at the deceased's vehicle, causing it to lose control
and crash into a house. The victim sustained multiple gunshot wounds on the
body and was declared dead at the scene," said Gwala Gwala said
the matter is still under investigation.