THE attempt by Ghana Football Association (GFA) to have their Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifying match against Bafana Bafana scheduled for the FNB Stadium on 25 March played at a neutral venue has been rejected. The SA Football Association (Safa) confirmed they would not allow this crucial top of Group C clash to be played anywhere else but the FNB Stadium. Safa has received a letter from the Confederation of African Football (Caf) confirming the officials for the match. SunSport reported last month that the GFA wrote to Caf expressing their concerns over the second wave of the Covid-19 pandemic in Mzansi and wanted the match played at a neutral venue. But Safa said they have not received any letter from Caf or the GFA expressing their concerns over the pandemic in South Africa. According to an insider, GFA was taking a chance as they know how crucial this match is as both nations are equal on nine points with two matches remaining in the group. After playing against the Black Stars, Bafana will complete their qualifying campaign against Sudan in Khartoum three days later. “The association has never received a letter (from Caf or the GFA). What we know is that Fifa has sent us the information about referees and everyone who is coming to our game, which will be played at FNB Stadium on 25 March at 6pm. This has never been an issue for us,” said Safa CEO Advocate Tebogo Motlanthe. Safa has been left frustrated in the past weeks about some countries denying local clubs visas to compete in the Caf Champions League. Kaizer Chiefs were set to visit Wydad Casablanca in Morocco, and Mamelodi Sundowns were set to visit CR Belouizdad in Algeria in the Champions League group stage matches respectively. But both clubs played these games in neutral venues. Meanwhile, Caf has confirmed that all Afcon qualifiers will be played simultaneously since there are only two matches left. SunSport confirmed previously that Caf has written to all its 54-member association that these matches should be played at the same time, and they asked all FAs to provide kick-off times in line with their curfews. Caf was doing this to avoid any nation gaining an unfair advantage. “Caf wrote on Monday to say everyone must observe the times provided by them, so we are going to do that,” said Motlanthe.