PROTEAS assistant coach, Dumisani Chauke, says she is happy with the progress in which they are making in creating a large pool of players for themselves ahead of the highly-anticipated 2023 Netball Word Cup in Cape Town. The Proteas are currently in the Mother City taking part in the Spar Challenge Tri-Nations series – including Uganda and Namibia – which is expected to end on Wednesday. Tomorrow, they will share the court against Namibia’s Desert Jewels before completing their fixtures with Uganda’s She Cranes. Today, the South African President’s XII will play against the SA U-21, as Proteas look to widen the pool of players for the bigger tournament. “We creating a large pool for ourselves to prepare for 2023 in case there are any injuries, retirements or if anything happens then we have a large pool. If then we would be having players that have been in this level and are game ready,” said Chauke yesterday. “Here we have 27 players - 12 in the Spar Proteas and 15 in the Presidents Twelve. You add to that seven that are out of the country. It’s a good prospect for us. We can also keep an eye on the Baby Proteas players in the U-21. “Unfortunately, their (U-21 Netball) World Cup was cancelled in Fiji and some of them are part of the senior Proteas. As you know that most of our senior international players are not available... This has given us an opportunity to look at the second tier of players in the squad that have been identified to put them in court, put them in the pressure cooker. “Yes, they might not be in the same level of the players that are in England and Australia, but they have also raised their hands and said we’re here and ready for the pressure.” Chauke appreciated their showing at the underway series where she admitted they have done well “and it’s a positive that we can take” but warned they cannot relax “because there is always room for improvement”. About the Namibians, Chauke said they play a different style of netball. “But they do bring a different dynamic, they play the fast-paced netball and it’s difficult to adapt to a slow-pace netball,” she said.