THE Zulu Royal Family has withdrawn their decision to lay King Zwelithini in state due to Covid-19. On Friday, 12 March, Zulu monarch Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi announced that the king’s body would arrive at Khethomthandayo Royal Palace to give people a chance to see him before the burial. On Saturday, 13 March, Buthelezi sent out a statement withdrawing his announcement and asked people to not come at the royal palace to see the king. Buthelezi said following the passing of the king, some very difficult decisions needed to be made by the Zulu Royal Family.“As the nation will recall, when the late king’s father, King Cyprian Bhekuzulu kaSolomon, passed away in September 1968, the king was laid in state for several days while thousands of mourners came to pay their final respects. It was thus naturally expected that His Majesty King Zwelithini would likewise be laid in state.  “Unfortunately, however, we are faced with the reality that South Africa and the world remain within the grip of a deadly pandemic. The national regulations which are in place, restricting the number of people who may gather, cannot be contravened, even in a time of extraordinary distress,” he said. Buthelezi said it would be unacceptable to allow His Majesty’s passing to become the cause of further deaths among His Majesty’s people. “It has therefore been necessary to make the difficult decision for the late king not to be laid in state. I therefore make an appeal, on behalf of the family, for mourners not to travel to Nongoma to pay their respects. It is vital that we avoid crowds gathering at this time, as this would place lives in jeopardy,” he said. Buthelezi said: “We appreciate His Excellency President Cyril Ramaphosa’s announcement that His Majesty will be accorded a Special Official Funeral Category 1. It must be emphasised, however, that even state funerals have adhered to the present protocols restricting numbers. These protocols must be respected. “The Royal House itself has numbers in excess of what would be allowed in terms of regulations. It is therefore essential to impress upon people that the funeral will not be open for all to attend.” He added that the date of the funeral will be announced in due course.  