 THEY might have fallen, but they will certainly or be forgotten. The city of Joburg and the safety cluster within the city, on Saturday (06/03/2021) remembered members of the Joburg Metro Police and EMS who died in the line of duty. JMPD and EMS as well as the City of Joburg Mayor Geoffrey Makhubo and Speaker Nonceba Molwele, came together for the annual wreath laying ceremony which is aimed to ensure that the names of those died whilst serving. Members of the family were also invited to be part of the event. Jaqueline Mgandi lost her husband last year, JMPD officer Alfred Nkuna said the wounds are still fresh and they still dealing with the loss. Speaking to Daily Sun, “Although it opens some wounds to see the men and women in uniform, but for me and the entire family as a whole, it just shows me that they are sympathizing with us and they have not forgotten those who have fallen on duty it means a lot to us.” “The wound is still fresh, but I’ve just realized that there are there supporting us. She said though she lost her husband last year July, she is still on her way to getting better and she is trying to be there for the kids. She said the kids are also coping with the loss of their father, however, she said it was difficult for her at first. JMPD spokesman Superintended Wayne Minnaar said, “This is really to show respect to officers and fire fighters who have paid the highest price, while serving the community of Johannesburg.” He said they have died under very difficult circumstances. “Officers have been shot and killed while serving, it was either suspects in a stolen vehicle or it was suspects who were robbing at businesses or there was an attack of the community and officers had to intervene and unfortunately they died because they wanted to serve.” He added, “We have had fire fighters, who died falling from high rise building whistle wanting to extinguish fire which was a threat to the rest of community. “So today is a very important day on the calendar of the city of Joburg.