HECTOR “Hekkie” Budler is hoping that leg work will be key for him to outbox his Tanzanian opponent, Muhsin Kizota, as he kicks off his march to shake off ring rust after two years on Saturday. Kizota is feared for his powerful punches that will see Budler take in their international flyweight bout over 10 rounds at the Graceland Casino in Secunda, Mpumalanga. Organised by Joyce Kungwane’s TLB Boxing Promotions, along with the department of sport in Mpumalanga, is themed the “Return of the Big Guns”, which also includes the return of Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni. Ndongeni will face off against Malawian Byson Gwayani in an international lightweight bout over 10 rounds. Budler admitted that it will be a hard one considering his fitness level. “It’s always not easy returning to action after two years,” said the 32-year-old from Joburg, better known in boxing circles as the “Hexecutioner”. “I’ve seen footage of Muhsin. I know he is a southpaw and hits hard, but we trained for anything and we’re ready for him. But personally I don’t know at all. “After two years on inactivity and having seen his footage, I have been working on my movement a lot, which includes fitness cause it will be too busy. “He comes at you a lot and he’s strong, so the plan is to outbox him.” He explained reasons for his inactivity were as a result of cancelled fights, as well as Covid-19 lockdown that delayed his return to the ring. It has been up and down. “This will be a good fight to get rid of ring rust and a good run. I should be fine,” he said. His ultimate goal is to win more world title and belts. “I want to be a world champion again. I can do that,” vowed Budler. His last fight was on New Year eve on 31 December 2018 when he lost to Hiroto Kyoguchi on a technical knockout at the Wynn Palace Cotai in Macao, China. Budler is an erstwhile International Boxing Organisation (IBO) and World Boxing Association ((WBA) minimumweight titlist. He has also had the IBO, International Boxing Federation (IBF) and WBA junior-flyweight belts strapped around his waist. “It’s been hard. It’s been a struggle. You need to fight. You need to make money. I’m rated highly at WBC and need to fight to keep my rating. This is a great opportunity and I’m grateful to TLB for giving me this opportunity,” said Budler in a statement. “People must come and watch. It’s going to be a good fight. It’s going to be a good experience. If I can fight in the next two months, I will be happy. I need to have more fights.”