Church leaders are often considered the moral compass in society. But some men of the cloth have found themselves on the wrong side of the law. They were caught with their pants down, while others were caught with their hands in the cookie jar. One of these pastors is Bishop Stephen Zondo of Rivers of Living Waters Church in Evaton, Vaal. He made headlines after victims appeared before the CRL Rights Commission in November and spilled the beans about his church, with some suggesting it was a cult. Daily Sun  reported that among the witnesses were Zondo’s two sisters, who told the commission how he allegedly raped them and killed their parents. Former church member, Solly Poopedi, claimed: “He enticed my wife with lies, claiming she would become a prominent businesswoman without me. When she divorced me, I woke up from the dreamy thoughts that Zondo was a perfect man of God.  “The man sexually abused women just so he could have power. He slept with women as sacrifices. “His church has more women than men because he sleeps with women to grow his kingdom.” Zondo refuted the allegations against him. Another pastor who grabbed headlines was Prophet Shepherd Bushiri. He and his wife, Mary, face charges of fraud and money laundering. They were granted bail by the Pretoria Magistrates Court, but fled Mzansi to Malawi, which is a violation of their bail conditions. But apart from fraud, Bushiri has also been accused of rape. In January last year, a 24-year-old woman alleged to Daily Sun that she was raped next to the pulpit in the church. She had also shared a recording she claimed was from a cellphone conversation in which a senior pastor apologised, saying the church would be regarded as dirty if people found out. In Mpumalanga, Pastor Fannie Mamba of Holiness Church was nabbed for robbery in October.  Mamba allegedly forced entry into a teacher’s home in College View in Bushbuckridge as the 48-year-old and her son (13) were about to go to school. He allegedly tied them up with cable ties and ransacked their house. In Limpopo, more charges were added for rapist pastor James Thubakgale of Divine Deliverance Church, who is currently serving two life sentences for raping minors. Last week, he appeared in the Polokwane High Court for rape, assault, extortion and calling three congregants witches. But the 58-year-old from Seshego, outside Polokwane in Limpopo, denied all allegations and accused church members of trying to take over his church.  In Gqeberha (formerly, Port Elizabeth) Pastor Timothy Omotoso has been in custody since his arrest in 2017. He and his co-accused face charges of rape, human trafficking and racketeering. The case against Omotoso gained the public’s attention when the first witness, Cheryl Zondi, gave details of how she was allgedly sexually abused by the pastor. Omotoso remains in custody as the trial drags on.