IT’S been six years since rapper and Skwatta Kamp member Flabba died. Real name Nkululeko Habedi, the star was stabbed to death by his girlfriend Sindisiwe Manqele in his home at Alexandra on 9 March, 2015. Sindisiwe was sentenced to 12 years in prison. During the trial, she alleged that she had stabbed Flabba in self-defence. Flabba was part of South Africa’s two-time South African Music Awards-winning Skwatta Kamp and according to members, he was the face and attitude of the group. The group lost another member Musawenkosi “Nish” Molefe, who died due to Covid-19 complications in February. ALSO READ | CANDY MOVES BACK HOME! Following Skwatta Kamp success, Flabba went on to release his debut solo album titled Nkuli vs Flabba in 2005. It won him Best Rap Album in 2007 at the 13th annual SAMAs. Songs like Is’bhamu Somdoko, Bho Fatshe and Presa went big. After that, he also released a few singles such as Super Hero with Miza in 2012, that also did well. Every year, his fans and fellow musicians take to social media to remember him, and this year was no different. On Tuesday morning, hip-hop DJ Zan-D remembered Flabba and paid tribute to him on Twitter. “This day in 2015 was a sad one in SA...but we shall continue to celebrate his life forever. We miss you Flabba. Thank you for the music,” he wrote. After that, people followed and started the hashtag #RIPFlabba. Online radio station Massiv Metro also paid homage to him, asking people to request for their favourite songs by him. This day in 2015 was a sad day in SA...but we shall continue to celebrate his life forever. We miss you Flabba. Thank you for the music. pic.twitter.com/zle2gamVXJ #TheElement | Today, we also shine the light on one of the greatest to do it in SA Hip Hop#RIPFlabba ????What was your favorite jam by him? Hit us up with your comment or send us a voice note on 074 940 7992 ??#TheElement with the Pristine @QueenAzizzar ?? pic.twitter.com/d6IcOw23We You may be gone but your music still lives on.. #ItWasYourSoulThatTouchedUsAll Nkuli 'Flabba' pic.twitter.com/viDDF78Qsv TODAY IN SA HIP HOP???2015: Rest In Peace Flabba #RIPFlabba pic.twitter.com/Jt0vaaW8zD Took this footage of Mlindoms paying homage to Flabba, 2015.I hold this very dear to me. Felt I needed to share this with y'all today. Find comfort.RIP Flabba, RIP Vita may the Good Lord keep you both ??????Thank you. pic.twitter.com/DljVJU1Sdo 