AS expected, South Africa's successful businessman Patrice Motsepe was elected as the president of Caf at the Confederation's 43rd CAF General Assembly that is taking place in Rabat, Morocco. Motsepe ran unopposed in elections after three of his challenges, Augustin Senghor, Ahmed Yahya and Jacques Anouma, withdrew their candidacies last week. READ: BREAKING: MOTSEPE ELECTED CAF PRESIDENT! They were asked to withdraw by Fifa president Gianni Infantino and in return, Senghor and Yahya will get the posts of Caf vice presidents. Anouma, who previously served in a Fifa council, will get the post of a Caf advisor to Motsepe. While these three administrators withdrew, there was a final obstacle to Motsepe's coronation. There was a potential comeback for recent Caf president Ahmad Ahmad, who had needed to entirely overturn his ban to be able to contest the elections. However, the 61-year-old from Madagascar failed to do this.He was, however, successful in more than halving his sanction and seeing his fine reduced from just over $200,000 to a little over $50,000. Motsepe, in his acceptance brief speech, which was met by huge applause from members in the convention centre, described his coronation as a huge honour. “This is a huge privilege for me. We spent the morning hearing the challenges that confront African football and I'll talk later about what all we can and will do,” said Motsepe with a beaming smile. “But let me just thank my brother, Constant (Omari, who was Caf interim president after Ahmad was banned), President, thank you so much. “Also, thank you, my brother, Gianni, for the vision and encouragement of unity. We will deal with the challenges of Africa and we'll succeed. But we'll do so when we are united.” Right now in Morocco, in the Caf congress, all 52 member associations, in alphabetical order, are voting. Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe was the first cast the vote on behalf of Mzansi’s association. Despite Motsepe being the only challenger for the post, the voting is to keep records on which member association voted and how many votes Motsepe received in the elections. This is a developing story...