THE ANC Free State provincial executive committee is set to be disbanded and replaced by an interim structure. This after the Supreme Court of Appeal ruled that the conference that elected it in 2018 was invalid and unconstitutional. The PEC was elected in a controversial conference held between 18 and 19 May 2018. Allies of embattled ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule saw its victory as a boost for him. But now in the week that saw the party’s national executive committee resolve that he should step aside, the appeal court dealt him another blow. The ANC’s Pule Mabe said the party has noted the judgment and called for members in the to stay calm. Mabe further said the NEC will convene an urgent meeting to give direction on the matter. “We call on all ANC structures in the province to remain disciplined and calm while we study the judgment and its implications for the movement and in particular the PEC elected at the conference,” he said. The court order followed an appeal by disgruntled ANC members in the province after they lost the court bid in the Bloemfontein High Court which had found that their application that the branch general meetings were either not held in some wards or others did not have the quorum to hold a meeting was flawed and untruthful. The disgruntled members led by Matshepo Ramakatsa took the matter to Supreme Court of Appeal which found there were glaring flaws in the branch general meetings. Ramakatsa and his group had on 29 November 2017 obtained a court order to interdict the conference being held until certain branch meetings were held in a lawful manner and according to the ANC constitution. The appeals court judgement pointed out that Ramakatsa and his group had argued that their right in terms of their constitutional rights had violated and the ANC guidelines in holding a conference had been breached. “The contention by the appellants was that as provided in the ANC Guidelines, at the heart of any lawfully convened conference of the ANC, whether at the Regional, Provincial or National level, is the basic requirement that delegates participating at such gatherings must have been elected at properly constituted BGMs,” read the judgment. It ordered that the decisions, outcomes and resolutions of the conference was invalid and unconstitutional.