BAFANA Bafana’s hope’s of qualifying for the 2022 African Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals in Cameroon could be dealt two major blows should star players Percy Tau and Bongani Zungu not be released by their British clubs to play in the upcoming Afcon qualifiers this month. SunSport has reliably learnt that Bafana face the possibility of being without star forward Tau for the qualifier against Ghana at home and in Sudan away Tau was told by his struggling English Premier League side, Brighton & Hove Albion, he may not be released to join Bafana when Molefi Ntseki’s side host Ghana at FNB Stadium on 25 March and three days later against Sudan in Khartoum. It is also unclear if Zungu, who plays for Scottish giants Rangers FC, will be released to play in the qualifiers. English Premier League coaches are concerned about players joining their national teams during this upcoming Fifa break due to restrictions of the Covid-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. Mzansi is part of the UK’s “red list”, meaning anyone returning from this country must quarantine for 10 days, without exception. The restrictions also apply to Scotland as it is part of the UK. Fifa recently informed clubs that they have the right not to release players during this upcoming window. Brighton’s concern are that if Tau comes to Mzansi, he will have to quarantine for 10 days when he returns to England. “Brighton are not willing to release Percy Tau. In fact, they don’t want to release him and they have told him,” said an insider. “The 10-day quarantine is stressing them and to them, it doesn’t make sense (to release him).” Zungu and Tau scored five goals between them when Bafana beat Sao Tome in both Afcon qualifiers last November in Mzansi. Coaches like Jurgen Klopp of Liverpool, Manchester City’s Pep Guardiola and Manchester United’s Ole Gunner Solskjaer, all said the 10-day quarantine doesn’t make sense and players should not leave their clubs to play for their respective countries. Fifa and the South American governing body (Conmebol) have suspended the 2022 World Cup qualifiers later this month. Fifa has also confirmed that the majority of Asia’s 2022 World Cup qualifiers will not take place in this upcoming window. It is unclear whether Caf will follow suit by suspending their upcoming Afcon qualifiers.