AUDI South Africa came out fiery-hot with their most sporty line-up in Sandton, Joburg, yesterday. With the RS Q8 being the premium model in the Q SUV product line, we focus on it here. It’s one of those cars you don’t have to get inside to know that it’s powerful. It brings into one the power of an RS model with the elegance of a premium coupe and flexibility of an SUV. Never before has Audi brought to market a big SUV coupe with the genes of a true high-performance sports car on the road. Boasting biturbo V8 petrol engine, the Audi RS Q8 is making its way to Mzansi in April. The new head of Audi South Africa Sascha Sauer said Mzansi’s ability to look at the face of the challenge and vow never to despair was one of the things outsiders loved about us. And #PerformanceIsAnAttitude is what drives the aggressiveness they deliver in their sport range. The RS Q8 engine boasts 441 kW and 800 Nm of torque between 2 200 and 4 500 rpm – the 4,0-litre V8 is going to be a big pull factor for many with deep enough pockets to snatch it. The turbocharged petrol engine with direct injection accelerates this SUV coupe from 0-100km/h in just 3,8 seconds and to 200km/h in 13,7 seconds. The 250km/h top speed is electronically controlled and can be optionally extended to 280km/h.  The biturbo V8 in the new RS Q8 combines maximum performance and high efficiency. A lot of work also went to a five-link construction at the front and rear axles handle longitudinal and lateral forces separately. The linkages and subframes are made largely of aluminium. The standard adaptive air suspension sport with controlled damping means the new RS Q8 is equally at home on the racetrack or an off-road trail.  When driving straight ahead, the two halves of the stabiliser are decoupled. This reduces body movement on uneven roads and also increases ride comfort. The new RS Q8 comes standard with 23-inch aluminium wheels in a 5-Y-spoke rotor design with 295/35-series tyres. Behind the large wheels is an RS brake system with internally vented composite disks (420mm) up front and 370mm at the rear. Their 10-inch piston calipers are painted red as standard. With its imposing octagonal single frame, RS-specific radiator grille in high gloss black and gloss black RS honeycomb grille, the new Audi RS Q8 sports a strikingly self-confident face. This, combined with the solid side air inlets and blade in high gloss black, perfectly highlights the athletic character of the large SUV coupé from Audi. Buyers have up to nine colours to choose from. The exterior mirror comes standard with aluminium look and includes black or carbon available as options. The standard tinted HD Matrix LED headlights have a three-dimensional daytime running lights signature with a digital character, similar to the LED tail lights. The interior complements the beauty you encounter on the exterior of the new RS Q8.  The sport seats in Valcona leather with honeycomb pattern and RS fit perfectly into the athletic and premium ambiance of the large SUV coupé. You also have a massage function and ventilation. There is an RS logo on the steering wheel. Such a car is not shy when offering driver assist systems, and here they come standard including the adaptive cruise assist, efficiency assist, intersection assist, lane change warning including pre-sense rear, exit warning system and rear cross traffic assist, 360-degree cameras and head-up display.  If the car is driven by multiple drivers, up to six users can save their personal settings. The data is uploaded to the customer’s myAudi account in the cloud and stored for access via the app. The car adjusts the individual settings when the driver’s door is opened. This convenient personalisation feature comes as standard with the Audi RS Q8.  The Audi connect functionality also includes Car2X services consisting of standard safety and service features in the event of damage, breakdown or minor accidents. This functionality (through a built-in emergency button in the car’s roof module) allows an emergency safety or service call to an Audi call centre to support in any event.  But true to the arrival of the king, this car is accompanied by a lot of other sportier features in the Audi sports car division including S8, SQ 7, SQ8, RS4, RS5, RS6, RS7, TT RS, and R8. The new Audi RS Q8, on sale in South Africa from 1 April, comes standard with a five-year Audi free-way plan and is priced as follows (inclusive of all taxes): Audi RS Q8 TFSI quattro R2 354 500.