SUPERSPORT United midfielder Lucky Mohomi is working tirelessly in his bid to become a regular in coach Kaitano Tembo’s starting 11. The 29-year-old joined Matsatsantsa a Pitori in October last year on a one-year deal having spent almost five years at Mamelodi Sundowns where he was struggling for game time in then coach Pitso Mosimane’s squad. He hopes to extend his stay beyond June when his contract expires with the Brazilians. Mohomi said he personally enjoys the way things have turned out and the stiff competition at United helps him focus and work twice as hard. “I am happy here, considering where I come from,” he said. “I come from a difficult period where I spent many years not playing. I am grateful for the opportunity SuperSport management and coach gave me.” Mohomi is aware that he will need to double his work-rate to get the nod ahead of 24-year-old Bafana Bafana midfielder Teboho Mokoena who is now a seasoned campaigner having played over 100 matches since he made his SuperSport debut in 2016. “Competition is different here compared to Sundowns,” he said. “There were too many top players to compete with, but here I compete with youngsters full of energy who are talented and have a dream of going further with their careers. These boys have energy and talent.” Mohomi says he doesn’t have regrets for the time he wasted in the stands at Sundowns. “I don’t have any regrets with the way my career penned out,” added the soft-spoken star. “Everything happens for a reason. I was where I was supposed to be and am grateful for the chance they gave me when I arrived from Free State Stars. “I won the Champions League, learned some lessons along the way and my talent was not wasted. I am enjoying myself now.” The Mamelodi-born player hopes to play a key role to help Matsatsantsa a Pitori snatch the DStv Premiership away from his former club. SuperSport are sitting in third position on the log table trailing Downs by five points on 35 points from 21 games. But the Brazilians have three games at hand. “We are taking one game at a time and we will push ourselves to see how far we can go. “Maybe we will cross the line to win the title and if not we will give our best shot,” he said. A wiser Mohomi says his best has yet to come: “I am dealing with game management now. If I play two games, this means the third I might get tired. Therefore, I am revamped and know what to do to remain competitive on the pitch.”