Redefine
Properties has apologised for the treatment that Thando Mahlangu received at one of its shipping centres. The company says it has suspended the
manager, pending an investigation. This comes
after a video emerged on social media of the manager telling Ndebele activist,
Thando Mahlangu, that his attire was inappropriate and that he should leave. Redefine
CEO Andrew König said the company distanced itself from the "degrading and
undignified manner in which Mr Thando Mahlangu and Ms Nqobile Masuku were
treated by the centre manager" on Wednesday. He said the
events that unfolded were "most regrettable". "The
Boulders [Shopping] Centre manager has been suspended, pending an internal
investigation into the matter. It is imperative for Redefine to communicate
that we are alive to the fact that no outcome of an internal action is capable
of undoing the pain and embarrassment the action has caused." "The
treatment meted out to Mr Mahlangu was devoid of the principles of human
dignity and equality which underpin our constitutional democracy. In this vein,
Redefine not only apologises to Mr Mahlangu, but it does so to the Ndebele
nation as a whole and to all South Africans," he said. In the
video, which was shared on Twitter, the manager can be seen addressing Mahlangu
in a stern manner in a Clicks store. Mahlangu is told: "Lets cut the whole
story short. We have a right of admission… It's a public place; you are
dressing indecently. It's not decent." Saddest reality in Africa, I was subjected to inside the @Clicks_SA store at The Boulders Shopping Center. By the center manager, who said it was his shopping complex. I was told that I'm wearing inappropriate I must go & Omega risk solutions harassed me #NdebeleTwitter pic.twitter.com/klzmTQspJO  Mahlangu
can then be heard telling the manager: "You are wearing western [clothes].
This is Africa. Are you telling me I am not allowed to wear Africa in
Africa?" Mall The manager
can then be heard telling Mahlangu that it is his mall. He maintains that the
mall has a right of admission. Clicks
responded to the social media outcry, saying that its store manager intervened
and asked the centre manager to leave. It intended to lodge a formal complaint
on the centre manager's behaviour. Boulders
Shopping Centre apologised "unreservedly" in a statement on
Wednesday. "The
centre would like to clarify that it does not deny entry based on appearances
and clothes... We would like to state that, based on various complaints
received from shoppers, the person in question was asked to leave the store as
his underwear indecently exposed him." "We
neither had nor have any intentions of hurting or discriminating against anyone
based on their cultural beliefs and practices. The exchange in the video does
not represent the core beliefs and values of the centre. We take this opportunity
to once again apologise to those who feel hurt by the incident. The decision
was taken in the interests of other shoppers and employees of the mall,"
the statement read. SOURCE:
NEWS24 https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/just-in-degrading-and-undignified-centre-suspends-manager-over-treatment-of-ndebele-activist-20210325