WITH lockdown alert level 2 looming, people on the ground say the president should leave booze alone. Rumours have been doing the rounds that President Cyril Ramaphosa plans to put the country on level 2 during the Easter weekend to avoid a devastating third wave of Covid-19. SunReaders acknowledged that the virus is still a problem, but when they were recently asked about what they thought should be done they said liquor trading hours should be adjusted and the curfew should start earlier. Mokati Masooane told Daily Sun: “If he’s going to ban alcohol, what are we going to do for this period. The president should just tell outlets to close at 4pm so people drink at home. “Pubs and taverns can close. We don’t have a problem with that, but he should not close liquor outlets. He must stay away from that.” Mokati said Ramaphosa could also bring back the interprovincial travel ban. Reuben Seaketso said: “He must close the churches as they have too many people. We’ll buy and go drink at home.” Philiswa Majola said the president must tighten restrictions, but whatever normal people said held no water because the decision had already been made. Sibahle Dladla said: “I don’t go to church but feel old people deserve that one opportunity this Easter. “I’d ask the president to ban alcohol and allow old people to go to church, even if it’s just for two hours.” She said booze was a major contributor to accidents. Zinhle Mavuka said: “I don’t understand why they must ban alcohol. If they ban liquor the economy will collapse. Ntsako Jb Lawrence said on Facebook: “I don’t care. He can do whatever he wants. I have enough alcohol for the whole year. Moses Jnr said: “Close churches. Pastors are making profits again.” Sbo Ndhlelehle Simelane Kanamahlangu said: “The president must just think of the economy.” Capello Davos said: “Big no to interprovincial travel.” Donaven Dassie said: “Leave alcohol alone as it did nothing wrong. It’s just packed in the fridge and people chase after it.” Lindy Tusani wrote: “I’m worried in case the bottles are empty again.” Nobantu Mabrr Mdanyana said: “The president should leave people alone now. We know what to do and how to take care of ourselvess, unlike a year ago. Some of us lost our jobs because of this lockdown..”