FUGITIVE Shepherd Bushiri says he is
shocked after he learnt that two of his legal advisors were detained for eight
hours by the Hawks on Monday. The self-proclaimed prophet said his
instructing attorney Terrence Baloyi and his legal advisor Alvin Khosa as well
as a private security offer, were unlawfully detained. He said the private investigator was one
he once hired to investigate extortion and blackmailing against him. In a statement released by his spokesman
Ephraim Nyondo, Bushiri said it was shocking to note that the three were later
released. "Though saddened, I am not surprised
with this awful detention because it’s just an escalation and intensification
of a failed scheme, by certain Hawks officers hell burnt to cover up the dirt I
reported against them. "As a matter of fact, I have, on
several occasions, shared with the public the agony, pain, and persecution I
have persistently suffered after I stood up to a series of extortion push from
certain Hawks personnel …," he said. The statement further read: "I must
add that this is the third time my lawyers are detained wrongfully and
unlawfully. How will I receive a fair trial without legal representatives as
those who represent me face this kind of harassment from certain Hawks members
…," he said. Hawks spokeswoman Colonel Katlego Mogale
said they have noted with concern the media statement issued by Bushiri’s
representatives. Mogale said as one of the officers
accused by Bushiri of wrongdoing has been investigating his lawyers since 2018. She said the investigation covered
corruption, defeating the ends of justice and intimidation after receiving
purported withdrawal statements from rape victims. "After the investigation was
completed, the warrants of arrest were obtained from the Magistrates Court and
ultimately executed 0n 01 March 2021. "The suspects were taken to court
but could not be enrolled. The supervisors of the investigator are
investigating the circumstance that led to the release of the suspects without
enrolment," she said