IF statistics were to be used to preempt Sunday's winner between Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates in their Soweto derby at FNB Stadium, then Irvin Khoza's boys would win the punters' hearts. But because past results mean nothing in matches of this magnitude, it remains to be seen whether Chiefs will convert their continental football results to the PSL. Reading from their past six DStv Premiership matches, Pirates hold an upper hand against Kaizer Motaung's boys. It does not bode too well for Chiefs who have been struggling to find each other in the league, but are a different kettle of fish in continental football. Chiefs have not won in six matches while Pirates reports four wins, a draw and loss. Making matters worse is that Chiefs have not beaten Pirates in three derbies this season - lost all three, two in the two-legged MTN8 and another in the first round on 30 January. The last time Chiefs beat Pirates was under then coach Ernst Middendorp on 29 February last year. But this Sunday's derby is very special as it marks its 100th between the two Soweto giants. "It's a very special fixture," Pirates midfielder Fortune Makaringe told his official club website. "It's always a big occasion. When you step to the field, you do so knowing that the pride of the club is at stake. It's truly something special." And indeed it will be special considering the it's the third played behind closed doors since the break of Covid-19 that has shut doors on the face of fans. "In a derby, it matters not how you've been performing," said the 27-year-old Makaringe. "It's all about what you do on the day. We just need to make sure that we do the job on the day. It's about focusing on the job at hand, and not dwell on what you've done in the past. "So, we need to be as professional as possible, and make sure that we fight for the Buccaneers, and fight for the badge." Makaringe has featured in all 20 league games so far, only failing to make the starting lineup just once all season. He is in line to feature once more in the biggest game of the South African sporting calendar. He said their win against Enyimba in thier Caf Confederation Cup "is definitely a confidence builder". He added: "I mean, at this stage of the season, you have to take each positive you can get, whether big or small." FORM GUIDE PIRATES * Pirates have won all four of their last outings (including Confed Cup and Nedbank Cup matches) - with an away draw against Supersport United the only blemish in their record. * Across competitions, the Buccaneers have gone 10 matches unbeaten - registering eight victories in the process. * Tshegofatso Mabaso is the main look at. * Fortune Makaringe could be a nag at Chiefs' defence pairing. CHIEFS: * They have gone six matches without a league victory. * They have gone three matches unbeaten in all competitions. * Daniel Akpeyi will be the man tasked with stopping all the shots that will come Pirates bully strikers. * Happy Mashiane is gradually regaining his form and showing that he has what it takes. PAST RESULTS: * 30 Jan: Orlando Pirates 2-1 Kaizer Chiefs * MTN Semi-Finals, 8 Nov: Kaizer Chiefs 0-2 Orlando Pirates * MTN8 Semi-Finals, 31 Oct 2020: Orlando Pirates 3-0 Kaizer Chiefs * 29 Feb 2020: Orlando Pirates 0-1 Kaizer Chiefs * 9 Nov 2019: Kaizer Chiefs 3-2 Orlando Pirates 