CELEBRITY therapist and activist Dr Cino Shearer (37) has opened his doors to students and the LGBTQI community. This follows the Wits protests and #FeesMustFall movement, which saw the activist opening his home to two university students in need of shelter. The students had no accommodation and money to go back home, but found a place to complete their education in the next few years. Choosing to remain anonymous, the third-year psychology and second-year science students said all they wished to do was to complete their studies. “I know it seems small. But offering a backroom for a child to learn and complete their education is the least I can do,” said Dr Cino. “When I moved to Joburg, I had nothing and was taken in by a family who treated me like one of their own. It’s important for me to give back.” It was this generosity that sparked an idea to open up a safe home to those in need. As an active member of the LGBTQI community and activist, to celebrate 10 years of his foundation’s existence, Dr Cino is in the process of opening three safe houses to accommodate those who’ve been marginalised by society, their communities and families. ALSO READ |TENSION RUN HIGH AT UKHOZI These houses will be a safe space for people in the community to receive counselling and support. “The homes will officially open their doors in a few months. It’s a safe space for the LGBTQI community to receive counselling and meet like-minded people,” said Dr Cino. “Everyone deserves a safe, loving home where they’re accepted for who they are without being rejected.” The home will offer educational workshops to those in need. They will be able to invite their families over for group sessions and when they are ready, go to their communities.” Dr Cino, a shoulder to cry on for many celebrities in the past 10 years through the Cino Shearer Foundation, will also be opening a 24-hour helpline for those in the LGBTQI community and in need of emotional support. “Many people are discriminated against – some don’t know how to come out to their families while others are attacked and don’t have anyone to call,” he said “The helpline will assist them in getting the help they need. Qualified counsellors will be on call. “Helping others is my purpose, and my wish is for those who’ve been helped to do the same.” Dr Cino has been a psychologist for the late Mshoza, rapper Emtee, designer Quiteria Kekana and singer Ishmael Morabe.