OUTGOING Bloemfontein CEO Khumbulani Konco forsees the club's financial mess to continue until the day they secure main sponsor. It is well documented that the club have been in the news for all the wrong reasons, due to their bad finances. Owner Max Tshabalala has been trying to steady things since 2018 when the money troubles first hit. In previous seasons, a chronic lack of cash saw players go on strike and refuse to attend training. As SunSport reported on Monday, Konco confirmed during South African Football Journalists Association (Safja) virtual press conference on Wednesday that he has been retrenched by the club where he spent more than 20 years as the CEO. Konco said he does not think the process of retrenchment was because of the financial struggles. Talking to Safja, he said: "What came out in the meeting was that the process is due to the financial challenges that are faced by the club, which are well documented. Nevertheless, when you look at the process and the end process, what we know regarding the process of retrenchment. One can feel that the axe was looking at someone. "The reason I say that is the consultation process. Some suggestions were given out and none were implemented. Only on the 15 March the letter came to say you are retrenched and it was only me at that time." Konco said as he left the club, he holds no grudges. "The relationship up to today on my side, in my heart it is clear no grudges no nothing I am okay. It is just the shock of being retrenched knowing where one comes from with the club, knowing what hurdles we've jump as a club, that shocked me." Talking in-depth about why the club struggles financially and what the future hold for them, he stated: "Bloemfontein Celtic without a main sponsor will always thread at thin ice. "Football has changed a lot, salaries have skyrocketed like a hundred-fold, and there is no regulation. Remember, there is no cap where salaries can be kept to and signing-on fees, so it becomes a challenge if you want to compete… You look around whom you are competing with, if things are normal, you have Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, SuperSport United, AmaZulu, and do not forget every season there is a dark horse from Cape Town coming in the mix. "You need to be there as well (financially). Without finances or any backing, it becomes a difficult task. You must understand Max Tshabalala is running the club from his own pocket, and now you end up feeling for him. "Celtic need a main sponsor respective from where, someone who will back them up push them up to another level. Without that the will always be that challenges."