BLESSERS must fall! This was the strong message from Rena le Lona Creative Centre for Children in Diepkloof, Soweto. The centre held a dialogue with stakeholders including the police, social workers and law experts on Thursday, 18 March. The dialogue looked at statutory rape, gender-based violence and older men dating girls under the age of 18. The centre was established in 2006 and has assisted child-headed homes, children who were sexually and physically abused, as well neglected ones. It has over 150 beneficiaries getting help with school work, stationery and uniform among, other things. The centre visits beneficiaries, support groups and awareness campaigns while liaising with the Department of Social Development. Centre manager Mlungisi Mvelase told the People’s Paper that most children were sexually abused by either family members of family friends. “Perpetrators are often someone who’s known very well to the victim’s family. “They often buy their way into the child’s life by offering them money because they’re aware of the challenges faced by the family. “Some of our challenges are blessers. Girls from poor households easily fall for them because they desperately need to survive. “Blessers take advantage of their circumstances, and that’s statutory rape.” He said they were looking for ways to intervene in such cases. “Blessers need to be stopped,” he said. Mlungisi said cases of child-headed households decreased significantly. “During xenophobic attacks, children born to foreign parents suffer a lot. They are left alone as parents have either fled or are killed or injured,” said Mlungisi. “Other cases we come across are children being left alone while their mothers have gone to a tavern. “Parents need to know that it’s wrong to call children names as it destroys their self-confidence and ability to think.” A Diepkloof Police Station representatives told the panel their victim empowerment office has been successfully tackling cases of gender-based violence and statutory rape. Sergeant Patricia Ntengo said the staff were very friendly, and that it’s a very comfortable space for victims of all ages, both male and female.