BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic chairman, Max Tshabalala, has FIRED eight more employees, including CEO Khumbulani Konco. SunSport broke the story on Tuesday morning about Konco's situation, but it came clear later in the day that he was actually retrenched by the club. Marks Mokate, Tebogo Paki, Mesie Motshidi, Saint Mongale, Moipone Mokoteli, Cuma Nongemane and William Mothoka are the seven other employees were served with notice letter. Konco explains: "The story is that after the suspension, I then received the letter to come back to work on Tuesday, 2 March. On Wednesday, 3 March I met the boss (Tshabalala) and we discussed the issues and ironed them out. The following Monday, 8 March we received retrenchment letters from his lawyers - eight of us." He suspects that the sacking could have been as a result of his fight with the chairman late last month, as well the dire financial state of affairs of the club. "Club's finances do not add up. It was a bit of both - financial issues were long coming and the miscommunication between us triggered the whole thing," Konco, who sat in the PSL Exco on behalf of Tshabalala, explained. He has vehemently refuted reports that he was retrenched because he took the club to the CCMA demanding R5 million in unpaid salaries. "That is what I've seen in the media, hence I've called up a media conference to set the record straight," he explained ahead of his scheduled briefing with the SA Sports Journalists Association (Safja) on Wednesday at noon. "I've also read in the media some damaging allegations that I'm talking to AmaZulu. After the shock retrenchment, how could I have gotten a chance to engage with other clubs seeking employment?" He however said he's holding no grudges against Tshabalala "as he had to do what he did and my conscience is very clear". "I'm happy that we've agreed on all the exit payouts for me to leave," said Konco. With state of affairs at Celtic, Konco said "now I'm outside and cannot be talking about the club's plans going forward". "Look, Celtic doesn't have sponsors, it cannot attract sponsors, which is problematic on its own. It'll be hard for them. It's very worrying. My relationship with the chairman is not sour at all, so I think." He said he was feeling sorry for the remaining employees: "Staff not getting paid. The issue of staff bad finances and the first signs were that the club was in trouble with salaries coming late. That was a caution and red flags." Konco has been the spine of the club amid tension of staff and players at times going without monthly salaries. In 2018 former coach Steve Komphela said he had to finance the club from his own pockets, and the state of the club's administration and facilities were inconducive for him and the players who could not produce the desired results. Numerous times SunSport reported that staff, which included some of the technical members, received their February salaries late. Celtic will on Saturday visit Baroka FC in their DStv Premiership club at the Peter Mokaba Stadium.