BAFANA Bafana midfielder Bongani Zungu has been slapped with a five-game ban by Scottish Football Association (SFA). This decision comes after Zungu was found guilty of having broken the Scottish Covid-19 regulations as police found him in a house party alongside teammates Nathan Patterson, Calvin Bassey, Dapo Mebude and Brian Kinnear in February. These players were then fined by the Glasgow Rangers, who were also in dialogue with the SFA and Scottish government about the whole incident. While it is a five-game ban, however, a four-match ban will be served immediately, with two suspended until the end of the season. The decision was made following a disciplinary hearing that took place on Thursday last week, with the outcome coming today. This means these players will miss some of the games in the season run-in, although Rangers have won the Scottish Premier League already. This news is not good for Zungu’s future at the club beyond this season. The former Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder joined the Scottish giants at the beginning of the season on loan from French side Amiens SC until the end of the season. In the loan agreement, Rangers inserted a clause that they will sign him permanently at the end of the season, depending on how he develops. Zungu, speaking to SunSport in November last year when Bafana defeated Sao Tome ePrincipe in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers (Afcon), was confident that the loan deal will be made permanent because of his talent. But, following this breach of Covid-19 regulations and having seen little of game time for Steven Gerrard’s side that cantered with a league title, Zungu is likely to go back to his Amiens at the end of the season. The Duduza-born midfielder, out of 13 league matches played this season, one was a starter. He also started in two League Cup and five Europa League matches. Because of the strict Covid-19 regulations in the UK which red-listed Mzansi as the Covid-19 hotspots, Zungu could not join Bafana in two Afcon qualifiers against Ghana and Sudan. His absence was felt as Bafana could not qualify for Afcon next year in Cameroon.