NO out-and-out strikers, no problem for Orlando Pirates! This is pretty much what Siphesihle Ndlovu, whose influence continues to rise for the Buccaneers, said about their latest win. Ndlovu collected the Man of the Match award as Bucs vanquished Chippa United 3-0 in their DStv Premiership match away at the weekend. The win was achieved without the key strikers Terrence Dzvukamanja, Zakhele Lepasa and Tshegofatso Mabasa, who are nursing injuries. But Ndlovu has attributed the victory to team effort and insisted those who are coming back from injuries cannot expect to stroll back into the starting line-up. “We are here for a reason. Everyone has to contribute to the success of the team,” said Ndlovu. “I’m very happy with Hotto (Deon) contributing upfront. As for the strikers, those who are not in, I hope they can see the work we put in. “When they return it’s going to be hard for them to come back into the team. As a team, we are focusing on ourselves. We’ve been having ups and downs, but we’re looking to have consistency.” First half goals from Hotto and an own goal from Riaan Hanamub, as well as the third from Ben Motshwari in the second half, ensured the Buccaneers climbed up to second spot on the log with 35 points, one adrift of runaway leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. But Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer reckons they could have more, though acknowledging the effort without his key strikers. “We could have scored five goals in the first half. But I’m happy with Hotto and Ben scoring,” said Zinnbauer. “We win without our strikers. “I had a headache without strikers in the last few weeks. But I have none about those coming back. “Gaba (Mhango) came in and Tshego (Mabaso). It was time. They were out for long. But we had other players on the field today and they scored and I’m very happy about this. “We are in the right direction. “We told the players to save their energy for Wednesday’s game. And the players made this very easy.” The Soweto giants will go to Algeria pumped up. They have a Caf Confederation Cup fixture against ES Setif on Wednesday. Zinnbauer, however, is grateful to have a large squad to compete on all fronts. “We have lots of games. But the players get motivation from all these competitions,” he concluded.