GAUTENG Provincial Police Commissioner Lieutenant General Elias Mawela and Gauteng MEC for Community Safety Faith Mazibuko led Operation O Kae Molao in Loate, Tshwane on Saturday. The law enforcement officers also enforced the lockdown regulations including curfew. "We decided to come to Loate policing area because it is one of the hot spots in the province, there all sorts of crime like rape and hijackers. "On Friday and Saturday 176 suspects were arrested, we mounted two roadblocks, in another roadblock police have recovered two stolen vehicles and taken another for enquiry,” said Mawela He said in another roadblock they arrested two drunken driving suspects and some few undocumented people. "We have other teams that are focusing on compliance, there is a lot of liquor outlets in this area. “However, those liquor outlets they must comply to the regulations and also observe trading hours,” he said He said the operation is done in parts of Gauteng. He added that in the province police have balanced the enforcement Covid-19 and disaster management regulations and the enforcement of law and order. "Remember if we focus more on Covid-19 and forget about criminality many people will be killed. "We look whether liquor traders comply with regulations, we also check whether they have license and permits to sell alcohol and also check Covid-19 regulations," he said. Mawela also said those who are not adhering to the law are their customers. Mazibuko said they are in the area because of high reported crime and the crime stats are not looking good. "We are also dealing with the matter of gender-based violence. We want a province which is safe for all residents,” he said On the other hand, Mazibuko said she was concerned about people who are no longer wearing their masks. "Most of the time crime is transported by roads and we are interacting with motorists and passengers. She encouraged people to report crime. "It can't be right for community of Gauteng to live in their houses as if they live in prison, they should live freely. "On the other hand, Covid-19 is still around even if vaccine has started that doesn't mean to be negligent," she said.