 This Sunday marks 61 years since the bloody massacre at the Sharpeville Police Station on 21 March, 1960. That day, 69 people died at the hands of apartheid police. According to survivors and victims, residents of the kasi were demonstrating against the hated dompas when police opened fire on the crowd, injuring 180 protesters. There were 249 casualties, including 29 children. Most of the injured and dead were shot in the back while fleeing. The day has always been commemorated at the Sharpeville pitch outside the George Thabe Stadium. But due to Covid-19, this will be the second year the event won’t happen. However, victims and some political parties have set a date to go to Phelindaba Cemetery, where the 69 victims were buried, for a vigil to honour them. Speaking to Daily Sun, Khulumani Support Group chairwoman gogo Selloane Phethane said they would not forget the victims. “We’ll be going to the graveyard on 20 March, with families of the fallen and survivors. We will have a mini candlelit prayer session to honour them.”  FADING MEMORIES The pain, scars and disappointment live on in the hearts of the last five survivors of the massacre. But the details of the event are fading. Elizabeth Chabeli (72) can still tell the story of what happened. Speaking to  Daily Sun, the visibly frail victim emphasised her disappointment. “We’ve told this story so many times,” said Chabeli, who was shot and lost a finger. “Each year reporters flock to our homes and parade us for images, asking us to repeat our sad story. Yet we have nothing to show for it.” When the bloody massacre happened, Chabeli was following her parents, who’d gone to the dompas boycott. “Since getting injured during the massacre I’ve never received a cent. It’s as if we’re ordinary people,” she said. Madala Abram Mofokeng, who still has bullets in his left leg and back, said they were suffering. “We don’t even see a food parcel as a survivor of the massacre. “When other survivors die, we contribute our last cents to make sure they get buried. “Not even a dignified funeral is given to any of us.” “The life we’re living doesn’t show as a life of those who contributed to giving Mzansi freedom from apartheid,” he said.  SURVIVORS  FORGOTTEN FOR decades, the story of the Sharpeville massacre has been told and written about. But what the survivors go through each year is nothing but the opposite of what they fought for. Despite TV interviews, articles and broadcasts, the cries of the five survivors remain a haunting dream. Each year, the People’s Paper sits down with Abram Mofokeng, Elizabeth Chabeli, Selinah Mnguni, Agnes Tswai and Petrus Mokoena, who relay their sad stories. Gogo Phethane said government continues to lie to the people. “Every year we see government officials coming to Sharpeville to commemorate this day,” she said. “They talk to the survivors and make empty promises. “They make them write their grievances as if they’ll do something. But they never come back.” Phethane said all the survivors wanted was to be helped with medicals and reparations. “All our people want is medical care. These survivors are sick because they live with bullets in their bodies. “They frequently need to visit doctors. If you were to see their living conditions you would cry.” She said that when the survivors died, they were buried like normal people. “They need to be buried with respect and dignity,” she said.