SOCIAL media users were divided by a video of a woman who was caught in someone’s yard at night. The woman, dressed in sangoma attire, claimed she was chased by people who wanted to shoot her, therefore ran into the yard hiding underneath the car with the hope of keeping safe. People staying in the yard didn’t seem to buy her story and felt she was there to cause harm to the family. The woman begged for forgiveness but she was threatened. “I’m sitting here because there were people chasing and wanting to shoot me. I’m sorry, no one sent me, I can even give you my numbers for surety,” said the woman. The two men who busted her didn’t seem to buy her story and the other one called a woman and explained the situation to her. “We found a woman squatting near the car here, we don’t know her or what she wants but we should probably just burn her,” said the one guy. The other one continued to question the woman even throwing a bottle at her out of anger. The men asked the woman why she didn’t hide herself in someone else’s yard and specifically picked theirs. The woman claimed she had to go to the river the next day and begged for forgiveness but all her pleas fell on deaf ears. One man accused her of sprinkling muthi and told her to take it out. He kicked the woman. Social media users were divided, claiming the woman was treated in such a manner because she was wearing sangoma attire. They said if it was a slay queen dressed in a short dress and a weave, she would have been treated differently. Others said she deserved whatever was coming her way because she meant to do harm to the family. @Nelisa Macamba said: “No this is not on, ninani ngu mzali womntu lo imagine if it was your parent.” @Minenhle Ngozo said: “It’s painful to wake up in the morning going to work trying to build a life for yourself. Then, someone tries by all means to ruin you using muthi. I don’t feel sorry for this woman. @Nokuthula Nana said: “To all those who feel sorry for this woman, take a moment and think about the person who was gonna be driving that car since she was found under it.” @Sethu Ncangisa said: “If the woman really sought refuge, she was supposed to have knocked at the house and explained her situation.” Gobela Mntimande Ngwenya said indeed there are two sides to every story. He said it’s possible that the woman was being chased and ran to the nearest place or she was there to perform rituals. “If you find a person in your yard at night in an awkward position, chances are they meant more harm than good. “No sangoma can come to your yard without your knowledge and do things you know nothing about. But then again as she says her life might have been in danger,” said Ngwenya. He said the only way to find out was for the family to either call a prophet or a sangoma to establish the woman’s true intentions.