MZANSI Magic's much-loved show Abandoned is coming to an end. The docu-reality series that sees media personality Phumeza Mdabe helping those who were abandoned by their parents reconnect with them will go out with a bang. Phumeza, who was also abandoned by her biological father, will also embark on a journey of looking for him. "Being part of the show has been life-changing," she said. "I am now kinder than I was before because I got to see first-hand that a lot of people are struggling but they don't get to voice out what they are going through." The talented presenter said she believes the show has fulfilled its purpose. ALSO READ: ACTRESS INJURED ON THE QUEEN SET! "It has given people hope that no matter what happens in life, one day you'll find closure in whatever situation you are facing and be able to live and be happy again. There is light at the end of the tunnel," she said. "I'm a very empathetic person and sometimes I would make people's problems my own," she said. "So everyone involved in the show constantly checked up on me to ensure that I'm okay and I receive enough counselling so that I don't take the problems back home." "But if I'm being honest there are some stories that never leave your mind. You can't easily cut ties as these are real-life stories." Phumeza said she found closure. "I definitely got the closure that I have been looking for and it was very important for me because I am the type of person that when I get a response, I fly with it, it doesn't matter whether it is good or bad. I'm happy that I finally got the chance to close this chapter in my life," she said. "Looking for him has lifted the heavy burden that I have been carrying for so many years and I'm glad that it happened when it happened because I am much more mature and I understand things differently now than I was when I was younger." The talented presenter said opening up about her life to the whole of Mzansi was not an easy decision. But she had to do it as this was not about anyone else but herself. Season finale already??!!?? Ohhhh man. What a journey it’s been! I’m so grateful ????‍?? Next week, we bow out?? #AbandonedMzansi pic.twitter.com/NQGuG6rOQO "When people find out my story, they might judge my mother very harshly and those are some of the things that I had to think through, as going to look for him is also going to open up a lot of wounds. But I'm ready as this is about me and no one else," she said. Phumeza also said she's hoping for a second season. "I'm really hoping we get approved for another season, as there's still a lot that needs to be done. I'm grateful for the continuous support that we have been getting," she said. Catch Abandoned on Mzansi Magic (DStv channel 161) at 8pm on Tuesday