BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic's reshuffling of their management has been met with a lot criticism from their staunch supporters, most of whom do not welcome the changes. The on Thursday made an announcement of changes to their leadership comprising mostly in-house staff promoted to higher positions. This after the sacking of chief executive, Khumbulani Konco, following his differences with club chairman, Max Tshabalala. The club on Thursday announced a couple of promotions tasked with leading the club to greater heights. Among those in the promoted employees comprise Ompie Modise, Mercy Chidi, Sainty Molale and  Moipone Mokotedi, along those the club cofirmed through their social media platform. In his welcoming of the staff, Tshabalala he has no doubt they are going to do well in their roles in management. "We have been working together for more than five years and they know and respect the culture of the club," said Tshabalala in a statement. Modise was promoted to head coach of ladies team. He is the younger brother to the legendary David Modise, former player and a legend of the club. "(He) has served as a team driver from 2003 untill to date and he also served as an assistant coach of the ladies team," said the club. Molale moves to the General manager position after having served as personal assistant to Tshabalala, until he was later promoted to Company Secretary of the club. "He worked hand in hand with the former CEO and he is now the newly promoted General Manager of the club. Molale has experience of the day to day running of the Club. Molale has served under various management positions before, as mentioned above. He is also a member of the PSL Board of Governors together with Tshabalala," club said. He will be assisted by Chidi, who served as a bookkeeper for 10 years for a sister company to Celtic, which is Ikaheng Developers and Plant Hire, as well as an administrator at Roses United FC and and later as bookkeeper for Siwelele. "(She will be) assisting in running day to day, won’t be new to her as she has served under the former CEO and MD, hence her appointment as assistant General Manager," statement continued. Former Supporters Admin, Mokotedi, moves to administration manager. "Under the leadership of Aus Moipone, different supporters’ branches were formed and registered... annual membership cards were given to supporters. She was later promoted as Office Administrator. "She has improved a lot in handling day to day admin of the club. Moipone has been involved in different admin roles within the club for 10 years." But there was a lot of unhappy Siwelele supporters who voiced their concerns about the management. "Moipone Mokotedi, Seinty Molale, Oumpi Modise? The other two I don't know them. Even most supporters are shocked at the appointments. Moipone was admin while Modise was a minibus driver, and Molale is Tshabalala's personal friend," an irate supporter said. Another said they will have to arrange a meeting with Tshabalala to voice their grievances: "He cannot do this to this big brand. It's his family business, but we supporters own a part of it through our souls and hearts. The club does nit even have a CEO, we are worried."