THE running legal battles between international DJing phenomenon Black Coffee and his ex-wife Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa are far from over after he allegedly assaulted her last week. According to papers filed by Enhle at the Randburg Magistrates Court this week, the DJ and producer, real name Nkosinathi Maphumulo, slapped her on the hand during a tiff. The actress and fashion designer also claimed in her application for a protection order that it was not the first time that Black Coffee, who turned 45 on Thursday, 11 March, had laid his hand on her. The alleged incident, which almost marred Enhle’s lavish 33rd birthday celebrations, took place at the couple’s marital home in Sandton where Enhle still resides. She told the court that the incident happened in full view of some of her guests to the weekend-long celebrations held in the house. ALSO READ: SKEEM SAAM ACTRESS MARRIES HER LOVER  Enhle’s all-white party was the stuff of dreams as she also unveiled her brand new white Porsche Boxster. The elegant party was organised by top events firm Nono Event, who were also responsible for the wedding of actress Letoya Makhene and Lebo Keswa. Among celebrities who graced the party was actress Zinhle
Mabena, Moja Love presenter Ntombi Ngcobo and media personality Francois Louw. Enhle’s court application read in part: “Two incidents happened this weekend… Friday and Sunday. On the 5th of March he drove into our home and asked to have a conversation that I agreed to. He was polite until we were alone. “Nathi asked me why I was throwing a dinner without his permission. I then asked why I needed his permission, and he said because it’s his house. I then told him it’s our home and am puzzled, he then threatened to call the cops to shut it down. “He was at this point shouting… And the guests that had already arrived where (sic) watching.” Enhle told the court that the second incident took place on Sunday and “it was more aggresive”. “… he asked me why I had my hand on the door. I asked if he was being serious (sic). HE started raising his voice. I asked him to stop and he hit my hand and pushed me. He continued on shouting this was his house. I asked him to stop fighting… till he left the premises,” read her application.  The Isibaya actress also alleged that Black Coffee would just barge in previously without informing her of his visits. “Iv (sic) had to change locks as he would come in anytime even when I was dressed inappropriately and have to leave. “Nathi has hit me before in 2014 and I saw that same look on his face. He’s scaring me as he is becoming irrational. I do have a scratch on my hand from the incident,” she wrote. One of her requests to the court was that Black Coffee should only communicate with her via email. The top DJ will have to tell the court next month why the interim order should not be made permanent. When Daily Sun contacted Black Coffee he told the writer he was aware of the matter and asked for questions to be sent to his camp. “We respectfully decline your media request below. Have a great week further,” said Samantha Emmenes, his representative from Alegria Agency. Enhle had not responded to questions by the time of publication.