AMAZULU moved to fifth on the DStv Premiership table after beating Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) 2-0 at Jonsson Kings Park on Sunday. The ambitious Durban-based side jumped above Swallows FC as they have collected 34 points from 20 games, with their top-four finish this season that was mandated by its president Saandile Zungu very much in their sights. This result is not good for TTM. They remain second from the bottom with 16 points from 19 games. Moving up, Usuthu took full advantage of wasteful Dube Birds, who squandered a two-goal lead against Chippa United on Saturday. The Durban-based side had their first goal scored by Lebohang Mabotja in the seventh minute of the game who turned in his own net. The former Black Leopards left-back was trying to clear Siyethemba Sithebe’s searching pass to Luvuyo Memela. Usuthu, who found it difficult to break their opponents down, had to wait late to ensure that they got all three points. Siphesihle Maduna netted the second and an insurance goal in the 82nd to take all three points following a well-weighted pass from Memela. But it could have been more for Usuthu. Talent Chawapihwa, who has failed to recapture the form that saw him join Usuthu from Baroka FC in 2019, should have added more gloss into the scoreline. He was presented with a great chance but somehow he blasted the ball high and wide. When these sides met in the first round, Usuthu also went ahead via Memela but their former striker, Rhulani Manzini, denied them all three points with a thumping free-kick later on in the game. That game, played on 5 December at Thohoyandou Stadium, proved to be the last for then-coach Ayanda Dlamini as he “voluntarily” resigned two days later. He was replaced by coach Benni McCarthy later that month. Usuthu weren’t going to allow that to happen this time around in Durban. It showed from the beginning that they meant business. Mabotja, under no pressure, put the ball in his home net before Maduna’s late intervention and his first goal this season. While there has been a change of fortunes for TTM under David Mathebula and Mpho Maleka, this was the duo’s second loss on the bounce after losing to Golden Arrows.