WHITE River Police in Mpumalanga have launched a manhunt for a suspect after the murder of a 35-year-old woman during a hijacking. According to Mpumalanga police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi, the incident occurred after three women were offered a lift from Kabokweni to Nelspruit by an unknown man driving a blue Toyota Etios on Sunday, 28 February. “The man, who was armed with a firearm, is reported to have detoured from the initial route where the victims were going and headed in another direction. He then stopped at a secluded area around White River where he allegedly pointed a firearm at the victims and robbed them of their belongings, which included an undisclosed amount of cash. “One of the victims pepper sprayed him in an attempt to break free from his capture but he shot her at close range. “He then instructed the other two to get out of the car and he drove off with the injured victim. The suspect is said to have headed towards the plantation at a certain farm in White River, with the injured woman bleeding profusely. “He reportedly held a security guard hostage there and robbed him of his uniform. He then took the injured woman out of the car before setting the car alight. “The matter was reported to the police who immediately began looking for the suspect. While other officers were continuing with their search, they received some developments regarding the suspect they were searching for after it was said that the suspect has also hijacked a white Toyota Fortuner which he used as a getaway vehicle. However, the car was later found abandoned at Kiepersol near Hazyview.” Hlathi further said police followed up the information but only found the Toyota Etios burning and a woman lying on the ground next to the burning car. Medical personnel as well as other relevant law enforcement agencies were summoned but unfortunately, the woman was certified dead at the scene. “A case of murder with additional charges of armed robbery and hijacking were opened and preliminary investigations revealed that the Toyota Etios was reported stolen in September 2020 in Nelspruit. “We want to urge anyone with information that may lead to the arrest of the suspect to contact the White River Detective Branch Commander Captain John Mabunda at 082 449 0334 or the Crime Stop number at 08600 10111,” said Hlathi.