Experts have warned that a third wave of Covid-19 is inevitable and 
will reach South Africa in the upcoming cooler months. According 
to Professor Marc Mendelson, head of the Division of Infectious Diseases
 and HIV Medicine at Groote Schuur Hospital, University of Cape Town 
(UCT), SA’s vaccine roll-out programme may not delay the arrival of the 
third wave. “There are never watertight answers when dealing 
with this pandemic, but to get to population immunity through natural 
infection plus vaccination-induced immunity will require that millions 
of the population be vaccinated in a relatively short timeframe,” 
Mendelson said in a UCT news release. As of Thursday, more than 157 000 frontline healthcare workers have been inoculated with the Johnson & Johnson Covid jab. A News24 editorial notes that the South African government has admitted that the country is likely to miss vaccination targets. For Mendelson, “predicting the third wave [is] fraught with problems”. Instead, he explained that there are several aspects that may come into play and impact the resulting force of infection. These
 include further mutations in the virus, the speed of the country’s 
vaccination roll-out programme, non-compliance with public health 
interventions such as physical distancing, and the possibility of other 
unforeseen drivers that we are yet to learn about. The new 501Y.V2
 coronavirus variant, first detected in late 2020 in SA, caused a huge 
spike of cases during the country’s second wave. The variant carries a 
mutation, called N501Y, that has made it more contagious than the 
original variant. It has already spread to more than 30 other countries 
worldwide. Mendelson added that further mutations of SARS-CoV-2 
will occur, but it is not yet certain whether they will give the virus 
an evolutionary advantage. The only way of reducing the emergence
 of another variant, he advised, is to reduce transmission and boost 
immunity by rolling out vaccines fast. If a new variant does not occur 
this time round, then we should see a less impactful third wave, he 
said. “In truth, however, with the current tools in our box, we 
won’t eradicate SARS-CoV-2,” he added. Instead, what we will experience 
is something other scientists have also pointed out: that the virus is 
likely to become endemic, like influenza (the flu), where we will have 
better control of it.   Health
 workers and those at high risk should be vaccinated before the next 
COVID-19 wave. Vaccinology expert, Shabir Madhi, believes the third wave
 should hit South Africa in June or July. Government says the first 
batch of COVID-19 vaccines from ...   Lessons learned There
 were also some valuable lessons that stemmed from SA’s second wave, 
said Mendelson, and advised on how we can better prepare for a potential
 third wave.  Apart from the highly infectious 501Y.V2 variant that caused an even-worse second wave of infections, it was "super-spreader events" which
 took place at social gatherings that compounded transmission of this 
more infectious virus. The relaxation of these interventions, he 
believed, played a significant role in helping to propagate the second 
wave.  Therefore, it is important that we learn from the second 
wave and not repeat mistakes made, said Mendelson, and added that 
maintaining a ban on mass gatherings and focusing on super-spreader 
events in poorly ventilated indoor spaces is critical.  Careful 
assessment of how healthcare workers were deployed on the Covid-19 
frontline is also needed, he said. “Despite the need to keep as many 
non-Covid-19 services running at an appropriate level, the 
whole-of-hospital human resource model that was ultimately achieved in 
the first wave, but diluted in the second, should be reinstated.  “This
 would go a long way to providing the physical and psychosocial support 
to the relative minority of doctors who bore the brunt of the second 
wave.”  Looking ahead  “While international 
travel continues, we know that importing novel variants of SARS-CoV-2 
into South Africa is always going to be possible,” said Mendelson.  This
 is why it is important to continue surveillance for new variants 
through sequencing virus genomes from people infected with Covid 
disease. In doing so, scientists and officials can react swiftly to 
changes in circulation of these variants, he explained.  South Africa’s network of genomic surveillance, led by KRISP, allows scientists to track any new changes in the virus on a weekly basis.  “Then
 of course vaccinate, vaccinate, vaccinate. And maintain all public 
health prevention measures – those measures are absolutely critical as 
we look ahead,” said Mendelson. https://www.news24.com/health24/medical/infectious-diseases/coronavirus/sas-covid-19-vaccine-roll-out-strategy-unlikely-to-delay-third-wave-says-uct-professor-20210319 