CONFEDERATION of African Football (Caf) president, Patrice Motsepe, has vowed to use his business connections to improve continental football’s commercial deals, and earn income from television and marketing rights. “Money is very important,” said the self-made mining billionaire in his first address of the South African media, since being elected unopposed as Caf president. “We have to get the private sector to invest in African football. The prize money for the Afcon and the Champions League needs to increase significantly.” He said he believes the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) must be held after every two years, instead of four in line with the Fifa World Cup. But the burning issue was the broadcast rights that has deprived most Africans an opportunity to follow continental football through television. “We know we have problems with TV rights and we have failed in that department,” said the straight forward former Mamelodi Sundowns president at the Sandton Convention Centre. Motsepe had to relinquish his role as Sundowns president, according to Caf’s ethics policy, and handed the responsibility to his son, Tlhopane. “But we need to put that (TV right failure) behind us and focus on what we can do to change it going forward. “We need to be optimistic and positive. We have to believe that we can turn things around, that we can win because we will win. We will be successful. “I bought mines that were unprofitable and achieved what I have because I believed it was possible. I’m confident that over the next few year African football will grow and improve. “African football will, in the next few years, be a self sustainable brand. “We will be able to compete on the biggest stage. “We want to have an African country winning the World Cup during my tenure.” The former Mamelodi Sundowns boss, flanked by Cosafa president Phillip Chinyangwa, Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa, Safa president Danny Jordaan and PSL chairman Irvin Khoza, was filled with optimism regarding the task at hand. Khoza cautioned the 59-year-old Motsepe to “avoid paralysis over analysis”. “We are looking for solutions. Caf and Africa are looking for people with solutions. You’re a businessman and everything that you’ve touched has been successful. “The challenges are huge – that should be a motivating influence for you to give this continent the respect that it deserves.” Mthethwa credited Motsepe’s success to the unity among Mzansi’s football supremos in Khoza and Jordaan who were at some stage nemesis, but the minister expressed his delight that they’re now singing from the same hymn book.