GOODMAN Mosele has rejected reports that he has signed for Orlando Pirates but the Baroka midfielder is flattered by the attention of the so-called big sides in the Premier Soccer League. Speculation is rife that one of the most sought-after players in the DStv Premiership has clinched a deal with the Buccaneers. It is the latest in a series of persistent, purported moves to Gauteng for the man from the North West, who is arguably the most consistent performer in the league. Word doing the rounds is that the 21-year-old has agreed to don the black-and-white of Bucs next season but the midfield enforcer denied any deal. “These are all rumours,” Mosele said. “I haven’t heard anything from my employers and representatives.” The reported move to Pirates builds on recent speculation the midfielder was on his way to fellow Soweto side, Kaizer Chiefs. Embattled Chiefs have been serving a ban from signing players. The embargo imposed by Fifa has been in place since 2020 following the contentious signing of Madagascan forward, Andriamirado “Dax” Andrianarimanana. Topsy-turvy Chiefs are contemplating a foray into the market ahead of the next transfer window in August when the two-window transfer ban lapses. There have also been reports that Mosele, last campaign’s Young Player of the Season, was on the radar of Premiership champions, Mamelodi Sundowns. The Baroka star said while he was not reading too much into the recurrent transfer talk, such speculation indicated his talent and effort were not going unnoticed. “It keeps me going. It’s not really getting into me. I’m happy here. If the chairman feels it’s the right (move) then yeah,” Mosele said. In a recent interview, Khurishi Mphahlele, the ambitious Baroka chairman, quashed any agreement between Pirates and one of his most prized assets. Mosele has seen his profile soar and his stock rise after a breakthrough 2019-20 campaign when he played 26 times across all competitions and was deservedly recognised as the league’s Young Player of the Season.featured in 18 of Baroka’s league matches this season, missing only two, as the perennial relegation candidates from Limpopo challenge for a rare finish in the top half of the 16-team Premiership. Mosele has captained the 11th-placed Bakgaga in the majority of those games under rookie coach, Thoka Matsimela. “The second round is tough,” the central midfielder said. “We just have to keep on fighting for points. “We can get the top eight. We really got to believe we can end in there for the first time since the team got promoted to the PSL.” With 22 points, Baroka are four points off the top eight. – CAJ NEWS