BAFANA Bafana’s quest to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) might be over, but the journey continues for other African nations. The final round of qualifiers for certain groups will conclude today, Tuesday 29 March and the 24 teams that will be headed to Cameroon for next year’s showpiece will then be confirmed. Mauritania will be one of the countries looking to seal their spot in the tournament this afternoon (3pm) when they face the Central African Republic at Barthelemy Boganda Stadium. They will be hoping to bag maximum points and that Morocco, who have qualified as Group E winners, will beat Burundi at Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium tonight (9pm). Mauritania and Burundi are fighting it out for the final spot in the group. In Group K, Ethiopia will be looking to stun giants Ivory Coast in their meeting at Stade Olympique Alassane Ouattara today (3pm) and join their opponents in Cameroon. But Madagascar, who are also vying for the same final spot in the group, will have to beat Niger and hope Ivory Coast do them a favour by beating Ethiopia. Guinea-Bissau and Congo will be in a straight shootout for the final spot in Group I when they face each other at Estadio 24 de Setembro. Senegal, who have already qualified as leaders of the group, clash with eSwatini in what will be a dead rubber. There is only a handful of spots left up for grabs in the continental showpiece and they will all be filled this afternoon. And there could be more upsets on the cards as these qualifiers have produced previously, with giants like Zambia, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Bafana failing to qualify. But countries like Nigeria, Ghana and Egypt had no problems securing their qualification. Ghana’s Black Stars will participate in their 23rd Africa Cup of Nations finals after topping Group C. Sudan qualified as runners-up from the group ahead of Bafana. African giants Egypt, on the other hand, qualified for a record 25th time and will have another opportunity to add another title. There have also been fairy tale runs for African minnows like Comoros, who qualified for their first-ever Afcon. Gambia also qualified for their first-ever Afcon tournament and will join Gabon as the qualifiers from Group D. Zimbabwe will fly the Southern African flag in Cameroon after reaching their third consecutive Afcon finals.