WHAT you grew up doing might lead you to a great career. Sinelizwi Fakade (29) from Ugie in the Eastern Cape grew up in a family that did subsistence farming. His grandmother introduced him to it at an early age. “My mother also played a major role and this saw me studying agriculture in grade 8. I have four qualifications in agriculture with the highest being a master’s in rural development and food security from UKZN.” Sinelizwi is in grain farming, working with maize, sunflower and sorghum. But it was not a journey without challenges. “I encountered a few challenges in my early days but because of my passion I was able to overcome them. Access to the market is a challenge, especially if you work in an isolated area like the Eastern Cape. “Acquiring land is also another challenge. You can’t run a successful agriculture business on leased land, you need your own land. Finance is also an issue, it took me six years to get an approval. I was declined four times by commercial banks when I was looking for funding,” he said. “Yes, there are some serious challenges that can discourage you from pursuing your farming goal, but once you break through you can make a good living. “Seeing my life-long dream come to life is fulfilling and motivating for me, although it takes long and you have to be patient before your hard work starts paying,” he said. Sinelizwi has been in farming for three years and he has managed to create asset wealth through his business. He said getting a loan is the only way for the people who don’t have relatives who can fund them.  “Although you have to repay loans and suffer if you have a bad season as every seed counts, you have to make it work and there is no room for error,” he said. “After getting funds, getting the land and planting your crops, then you need to find the market where your produce goes. “I would advise any farmer wanting to get into farming space to first do proper market research and have a market first before starting because it will break your heart to see your produce go to waste.” Sinelizwi said the latest GDP numbers showed agriculture to be the best performing sector of the economy. “Agriculture is in fact leading, that tells you there is a lot of potential and it could help prevent unemployment with functioning policies and investments that allow it to grow,” he said. Sinelizwi said going back to the basics and working the land that you have access to can help solve many problems for young people. “Start with available natural resources,” he said. He said water is a big threat to farming but people need to come up with better solutions to capture running water during rainy seasons by investing in the right equipment. “You need to be practical and get tools that will make it possible to get your farm going. For example, in my Rocky Park Farm there is not enough water, so I have decided to make the right investment such as boreholes to be able to access it,” he said.