South Africa will be aiming to avoid being upset by Sudan when the two countries meet a 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier at Al-Hilal Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 6pm CAT (SA, GMT+2).Bafana Bafana head into the clash in Omdurman in second spot in Group C, level on 10 points with already qualified Ghana, who close off their 2021 Afcon qualifying campaign at home to bottom-placed Sao Tome and Principe.Sudan sit a point back and need a win this weekend to advance to next year's finals in Cameroon at South Africa's expense. A draw will be enough for Bafana Bafana to punch their Afcon ticket.Bafana Bafana head coach Molefi Ntseki says his team have a plan for whatever Sudan offers on Sunday, knowing all too well that Hubert Velud's troops need to go all out for victory."In football, there's something very interesting, if you look we had more possession, very good opportunities but unfortunately we ended up with a draw and I think going to Sudan it's for them to lose," Ntseki said following Thursday's 1-1 draw against the Black Stars at FNB Stadium."Because they will be coming at us and we already have a plan for that, they have to play to win, a draw is not going to help them."So in this case they will have to come at us and coming at us, we have very good players who can play on the transition and get us a win."The Falcons of Jediane have already caused an upset in the group stages, beating Ghana 1-0 in Omdurman last year and they defeated Sao Tome and Principe 2-0 on Wednesday to keep their Afcon hopes alive. All that bodes well for Sudan, but Ntseki is confident his team will get the job done."Sudan playing at home will always fancy their chances of winning and qualifying‚” Ntseki added.“But I think from our assessment and analysis of Sudan and the players who we have in camp we are capable of doing well and qualifying in Sudan. We are aware that Sudan won‚ and we have the clips of how they won the game.”Bafana Bafana's Afcon charge has been led by Brighton & Hove Albion forward Percy Tau, who with four goals is the joint top goalscorer heading into the final round of qualifiers for next year's showpiece.Tau, who scored twice on the final day of qualifying to help South Africa to the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations in a 2-1 win over Libya, is ready to do it all again."We are looking forward to the next game.," Tau said. "And if it means that we have to win away and have to celebrate it like we would have liked to today, so be it. It won't change. It happened before. So it’s another match for us.”In head-to-head stats, South Africa boast a 100% record against Sudan, having beaten them twice enroute to qualifying for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations tournament and 1-0 in the reverse fixture in November 2019. Lebogang Phiri scored the decisive goal at Orlando Stadium.The top two nations in each group advance to the 24-team finals hosted in Cameroon next year.