HE believes his ancestors are punishing him for buying cars. And as they don’t want him to have the cars, they always find a way to get rid of them. So Zolani Xazana got into accidents often, after which the car would be written off. But the latest car crash, which happened on Monday, 15 March, left Zolani shocked. This is because instead of causing the crash while Zolani drove, the ancestors drove his car and crashed it “It’s clear they wanted to get rid of it, like they did my other cars,” he said. The 42-year-old from Govan Mbeki in Philippi Browns Farm, Cape Town, told Daily Sun he’d parked perfectly on the street and went into a house. He said the handbrake was up to make sure it didn’t move. But the car moved on its own out of the blue, as if someone was driving it. “People who saw it thought it was being driven by a tokoloshe,” he said. ALSO READ: MAMAZALA,
WHY DID YOU BURY MY WIFE ALONE? He said he heard a loud bang and when he went out to check, his car had crashed into another one. “I thought someone was trying to steal it or kids were playing on it, but witnesses told me there was no one,” he said. “They told me the car swerved as if someone was in control.” Zolani said he realised it was not a tokoloshe but his ancestors, something which a sangoma confirmed. “The sangoma said I won’t own a car until I perform a ceremony to appease the ancestors,” he said. But this wasn’t the first time izangoma told him this. “I ignored the message as I was still putting together money,” said Zolani, who uses the car to transport people. He said the ancestors got jealous when he bought the car. “What they didn’t know was that I was using the same car to put together money for the ceremony,” said Zolani. Zolani needs at least R30 000 for the ceremony. He said he resolved the crash with the owner of the other car which he bumped. But the owner of the second car refused to speak to Daily Sun. Witness Majaha Zwane (45) said: “We were chilling on the street and the next thing the car started moving. “It was on the side of the road but swerved and got in the middle.  Another witness, Senzeni Vilakazi, said: “What we saw felt like magic. I’ve never seen something like that in my entire life.” Sangoma Jabulani Mthimunye said Zolani should be careful. This meant his ancestors were angry at him. “If he doesn’t do what they want him to do, bad things might happen to him,” said the sangoma. He said Zolani must burn impepho, pour snuff at the altar, and speak to them nicely. “He must apologise and tell them he’ll put together money for the ceremony. He shouldn’t be disrespectful because that will anger them,” he said. 