The My
Africa range of bold and distinctive blankets, throws and wraps was inspired by
the unique and diverse cultures and traditions of Africa. It has been brought to you by Aranda
Textile Mills, which was established in 1953 and today has a long and proud
history as South Africa’s leading manufacturer and supplier of heritage
blankets and traditional shawls. Parts of the My Africa range use the
continent’s vibrant colours in dazzling designs to depict stories and customs
of Southern Africa. Included in the range is My Shweshwe,
a fabric that has become so widely popular that it is regarded as Pan-African.
It is named after the Sotho king of the 19th century, Moshoeshoe I, and
is the quintessential cloth of Africa. It has also become part of contemporary
fashion. The bright striped fabric is the My
Venda throw, inspired by the women of Venda, the smallest of the South African
cultural groups. It contains masterly embroidered patterns and symbols,
attaching meaning to every garment. Historically, the Venda people, with their
ancient trade centre in Mapungubwe, spun cotton, made glass and ceramics and
had a sophisticated knowledge of the stars. My Xhosa is a striking throw, drawn from the patterned stripes of timeless Xhosa clothing and blankets. The predominant use of black and white in the designs is steeped in traditions of isiduko (clan) and ubuntu (human kindness).The My Zulu throw is based on the designs found in Zulu basket-weaving and bead-making. These arts were handed down through generations and are used to celebrate major events in life, among them weddings, births and good harvests. The geometric designs are deeply symbolic, combined with seven colours of which white is for spiritual love and purity, and green for contentment. To the north of South Africa, the My Ndebele variety is a beautifully patterned throw inspired by the brightly coloured and bold patterned homes.Even the bushveld is represented in the My Africa Savannah Collection with the Giraffe, Zebra and Leopard distinctive coat patterns, with its links to royalty and an element of magic. Click the link https://aranda.co.za/discount/DAILYSUN20 to get a 20% discount on check-out when you purchase any product from the Aranda online store.  