SHE fears her life might be in danger because she won’t hand over her thwasa to her gobela. Nombulelo “Mabutho” Nene also feels unsafe in her own home after the gobela and her neighbours allegedly ransacked her indumba. Mabutho said it all started when her gobela found out she had a thwasa and called to remind her about the rules. “Of course I know what the right thing to do is, but she already messed things up so much for me,” she said. “I know that I’m supposed to hand over my first thwasa in order to lobola impande. “In this case, I can’t do so because I don’t want my thwasa to experience what I went through in that place.” READ: PRISON POKE INMATE SERVING LIFE FOR RAPE! The 24-year from Middelburg, Mpumalanga, said the ancestors would have to forgive her as she won’t change her mind. Mabutho said she had no problem allowing her thwasa to be initiated by anyone else as long as it was not her gobela. “I will not subject her to poverty and pay R700 monthly for groceries,” she said. “I don’t want her to be sent to buy beer, or be sworn at and told she’s useless when instead she should be learning about spiritual things.” Mabutho told Daily Sun she didn’t spend six months in Daveyton, where she was initiated, as her ancestors sped up her process through dreams. However, her gobela wasn’t happy with this. “She wasn’t happy that I’d be leaving her place sooner than she expected. So she was extremely drunk on the day she brought me home. “Some of my ancestors weren’t properly brought in and that’s a debt I have to account for.” Bad blood has been brewing between Mabutho and her gobela since she refused to hand over her thwasa. “I honestly don’t have a problem with her. After I discovered she made a mess of things at my homecoming, I decided to do my ancestors’ work alone and start my own thing to avoid fights,” she said. ALSO READ: THE CAUSE OF NOXEE'S DEATH REVEALED! Unfortunately, she mobilised the community and my own sisters and they tarnished my indumba.” Mabutho said she wished to find a safe place for her thwasa as she was being dragged into battles that had nothing to do with her. “When I reported the matter to the police, they told me to come back with evidence. Maybe their evidence will be me lying in a pool of blood.” Mtimande Ngwenya of the CRL Rights Commission advised Mabutho to open a case at the council. When called for comment, the gobela’s phone rang unanswered. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said she has a right to open a criminal case. “If they refuse to open a case for her, she must ask for the station commander or give me a call. I can help.”