SOWETO Local Football Association (SLFA) president Phil “Chippa” Mogodi has expressed delight at Nike South Africa’s continued commitment to developing local sports and inspire future athletes in Mzansi. The sporting goods manufacturer has, for the past 12 years, invested heavily in football development in Soweto through their world-class facility at Nike Football Training Centre. The famed facility, which was opened in 2010, has been the destination for aspiring footballers around the country and has even been used by professional, clubs as well as some national teams like Banyana Banyana and Bafana Bafana. But now the facility, previously a single-sport facility with football the big focus, is currently being renovated and redeveloped into a multi-sport centre that will open doors to sporting codes other than football. Nike, who still enjoy exclusive tenure at the state-of-the-art facility until January next year, was determined to secure a new long-term agreement to support their substantial investment both from a capital and operational perspective. The initial investment for the renovation and redevelopment is estimated at R60 million, with the new development set to include two Fifa football pitches and two small-sided pitches – an Athletic SA approved running track and dance studios among others. Mogodi, who revealed that renovations should be completed by April, is excited about the idea and believes the investment will go a long way in developing the success of young sportspeople in Soweto and surrounding areas. “I was really shocked and excited when I initially heard what Nike was planning,” said Mogodi. “This is a massive investment that is good for the community. The people of Soweto are going to benefit from this new development. We have been having meetings trying to get everything in order. I think everything will be done by April. “There have been some challenges because of Covid-19 and also a few people have tried to make things difficult, but without much success. “We may be football people but we understand that it is important for other sporting codes to be included in this facility. We have aspiring boxers, athletes, artists, netball players and so forth in this community and they should get equal opportunity. “We need more brands like Nike to invest in the future of a black child.” Mogodi said the improved facility will create a lasting legacy for the Soweto community and inspire the next generation. “I wish more brands would take a leaf out of Nike’s book and help develop other communities as well,” added Mogodi. “Imagine if we had such facilities everywhere across the country. Townships like Alexandra and many more would appreciate it.”