BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic are back in the news for all the reasons. You’ve guessed right: technical staff members and full-time office employees are believed to be up in arms after allegedly not being paid their monthly salaries for February. This is not the first time that Siwelele staff find themselves in this predicament, since it started back in 2018. A year later, the players were forced to boycott training, protesting in solidarity with staff members who were not paid. Former Celtic captain Patrick Tignyemb was among the players who were on strike at the time demanding Celtic boss Max Tshabalala to pay his staff their salaries. A Celtic staffer, who asked to remain anonymous, told SunSport that he was surprised when he noticed that he didn’t get a cellphone bank notification, which meant he didn’t get paid. He said: “I am worried because I must pay my son’s school fees and buy grocery for my family. “The management should have at least told us if they had financial problems. “We don’t want to go through a similar period like in 2019 where we got paid half salaries and sometimes we would get paid late. It’s not fair because we are also important like players in the team.” The players are believed to have been paid their full salaries. Another employee, who also didn’t want to be named, said he is now considering taking the club to the CCMA or Labour Court. “Much as I enjoy working at this club, but the working conditions are just appalling,” he said. “I understand the chairman spends a lot of his money buying animals for his farm in the Free State when our families are starving. “Our CEO (Khumbulani Konco) has also been suspended for no apparent reasons. This is just a complete mess that needs to be sorted by the courts of law. “We’re clubbing ourselves together as employees and maybe we might attack this matter in unison. “We all love Celtic because of its history, but going to bed hungry was not part of the deal.” Tshabalala said he will not entertain this matter anymore. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said before hanging up.