SOUTH African Under-23 coach David Notoane says he has a goalkeeping crisis. Notoane said of the three goalkeepers he selected for the training camp in Durban that ends today, two are not playing at their clubs, while the other is playing but has not been exposed internationally. Notoane called up Mondli Mpoto of Bloemfontein Celtic, Sifiso Mlungwana (Golden Arrows) and Mamelodi Sundowns Ricardo Goss for the camp in Durban to prepare for the Olympic Games in Japan in July. Neither Goss nor Mpoto are playing regularly at their respective clubs. Mlungwana is getting game time at Arrows but has little international experience, compared to Goss and Mpoto. Goss was part of the SA U-23 side that went to the Olympic Games in Brazil in 2016 when they qualified for the games after the side claimed third place in the Caf Youth Championship in Senegal in 2015. Mpoto was in Chile at the Under-17 World Cup under current Bafana Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki, the Under-20 Championship in Zambia in 2017 under Thabo Senong that lost in the semi-final and the Under-20 World Cup in Japan in 2017 also under Senong. Notoane is considering using Bafana and SuperSport United keeper Ronwen Williams as one of his over-age players allowed at the Olympics. Notoane must submit his Olympic squad to Fifa on or before 1 July. “Sifiso is in his breakthrough season and we are not necessarily informed about the number of appearances he has for his club,” said Notoane. “He doesn’t have a lot of junior international experience and probably two caps, if I’m not mistaken. If you compare him to Mondli since 2015, the latter has gained a lot of caps at this level. “We brought in Goss but he’s not playing at his club. The goalkeeping department is in a crisis.” To make matters worse, the top three top teams in the PSL have foreign goalkeepers. Notoane said he’ll speak to Bafana coach Ntseki about calling Williams because the Olympics are a big stage. But he added: “Ronwen could be mentally overloaded although he brings experience. But we’ll make that decision jointly with the senior coach.”