ALTHOUGH the fight against financial exclusion seems far from over, the SRC at Wits University has started helping students with registration. SRC president Mpendulo Mfeka told Daily Sun they aimed to raise R21 million but had so far managed R4 million. Mfeka said in order to apply for help, students were required to submit a motivational letter stating financial need and their most recent academic transcripts. “If the transcript is not good, the student will have to explain the reason for underperformance in the motivational letter. We want proof of household income,” he said. Meanwhile, the South African Union of Students on Monday called for a national shutdown. Spokesman Thabo Shingane said they met with SRC representatives on Sunday. “Vice-chancellor Zeblon Vilakazi met with Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande on 16 March to discuss 15 demands submitted by the student union on behalf of the students. “We note with growing concern the reluctance of Nzimande to engage directly with SAUS and the SRCs,” he said. Shingane said no resolutions came out of a recent meeting with the ministerial task team, chaired by deputy higher education minister Buti Manamela. “We met with the public protector and the Human Rights Commission on Friday, 19 March and successfully presented a case for education as a human right and the right to protest. “The meeting resolved to set up a mechanism to identify and investigate the violation of student rights, including the abuse of power by vice chancellors through court interdicts and the suspension of students. “The formal responses by Nzimande throughout the week on social media and through media briefings are not satisfactory and can be regarded as non-responses,” he said. Shingane said the national shutdown officially started on Tuesday, 23 March and would continue until students’ demands were met. “We encourage peaceful protests at universities and encourage SAUS and SRCs to guide the protest action against violence,” he said. Shingane said SAUS NEC members would be sent to different institutions to help students facilitate engagements. He said to intensify the national shutdown, they were meeting with Nehawu and Santaco to organise marches to the national Treasury, the higher education department, Nsfas, the Union Buildings and parliament.