Legendary actor Menzi Ngubane (56) has passed on. His passing was confirmed by the Ngubane family in a statement that said the talented actor, best known for playing the role of Sbusiso Dhlomo on SABC 1's biggest soapie Generations succumbed to a stroke at home. The award-winning actor had been battling with a kidney problem for several years. In 2015 he was admitted at Charlotte Maxeke hospital where a successful kidney transplant was performed. "Over the past ten years, the Ladysmith born actor spent much of his time in trying to demystify issues relating to kidney disease and sugar diabetes while promoting positive lifestyle changes needed to cope with the diseases." "Between 2010 and 2015, Ngubane’ s numerous struggles with kidney failure resulted in him being placed in a kidney recipients list and ultimately received a donor ensuring he continued and sustained his acting career until recently," the statement continued to say. His passing follows just months after reports that he was critically sick and need prayers surfaced on various social media platforms. His wife, Sikelelwa poured cold waters on the claims through a statement. “The family of Menzi Ngubane noticed with concern spread of social media reports that our father and husband Menzi is critically ill," said the statement. ALSO READ: MENZI NGUBANE OUT OF THE WOODS AFTER HOSPITALISATION! "I would like to confirm that my husband is receiving family support that he needs following his recent visit to the doctors. "It is this visit that has been grossly exaggerated by newspapers and social media," she said. He was also tipped to join the cast of Mzansi Magic's The Queen but decided to abandon the role due to ill health. ALSO READ: MENZI NGUBANE ABANDONS THE QUEEN! The veteran actor has played numerous roles on various TV shows such as Yizo Yizo, Isibaya Ashes to Ashes, Gold Diggers and Heist. He also appeared on internationally acclaimed films such as How To Steal 2 Million. His last prominent role was as Judas Ngwenya in Isibaya in 2020. Menzi's family has asked to mourn the passing of the star in private. "As a family we wish to thank everyone for their continued and sustained support and the prayers for our beloved son whose battle with kidney failure & sugar diabetes had become an open secret over the years. We wish to mourn the passing of our beloved son in private and will communicate the funeral and other arrangements in due course," the statement read. Menzi, born in Ladysmith in KwaZulu Natal is survived by his wife and two daugters. A post shared by Menzi Ngubane SA???? (@menzingubanesa) 