SUPERSPORT United reject Wayde Lekay says he will put emotions aside when his current team, TS Galaxy, faces Matsatsantsa a Pitori in a DStv Premiership encounter at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Friday afternoon (5pm). The Rockets are heading to this encounter in good form, having managed to get 11 points out of a possible 15 in their last five matches. Title-chasing United are on the back foot. They only managed to get five points in their last five outings, which has derailed their title chase. Lekay played for SuperSport after being promoted by former coach Eric Tinkler in 2018. However, he was deemed surplus to requirement by current coach Kaitano Tembo. “It is always exciting to come up against the team you played for before,” Lekay said. “I am grateful for each and every one of the coaches I worked under on that side. For this game, we put all emotions aside. I am just going there to enjoy the game, help my team achieve all the success we can.” Midweek, The Rockets managed to bring high flying Swallows FC down to earth when they handed them their first defeat of the season, beating the Birds 2-1 at Mbombela Stadium on Tuesday. Lekay said they need to remain humble and try to be more consistent. He said: “Consistency is something that the coach has been preaching. “It is something that we must maintain. It is what got us into the position we are at the moment. The game against SuperSport is crucial for us. “The key thing at the moment is the unity within the team. Unity, character, and passion have shown on the field have been key to our success. You can see we came from behind against Swallows.” The 23-year-old has scored three goals this season. As much as he wants to score more goals, he believes that as long as the team is winning, it does not matter who is scoring. “I would like to get on the scoresheet a couple of more times this season. Myself and Mxolisi (Macuphu) spoke about it. We said that as long as we keep working hard for the team, it does not matter who is scoring the goals, but as long as the team is doing well, that is the most important thing at the moment.” Galaxy are sitting in eighth position in the standings, with 22 points after 17 matches. Their opponents are second on the standings with 33 points. United are three points behind log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. PSL WEEKEND FIXTURES; FRIDAY TOMORROW SUNDAY