LYLE Foster might be struggling in Portugal at the moment but he is not prepared to throw in the towel. The 20-year-old 20-year-old has found it tough to settle into his new surroundings having moved from Belgium to Portugal at the beginning of the season. He spent the second half of the 2019/20 campaign on loan with Cercle Brugge in the Belgian Pro League, where he made 19 appearances across all competitions. He then made the permanent switch from his then parent club Monaco in France to join Primeira Liga side, Vitoria Guimaraes, for a reported R24.7 million at the beginning of the current campaign. But the former Orlando Pirates striker has struggled for game time at the Portuguese outfit, making only three appearances in all competitions for the club so far this season. “It has been a bit of a difficult season for me,” admitted Foster. “It’s going to take time for me to settle into my new surroundings but I have been doing my part. I have been working hard and I feel like I’m in good shape. “I have earned a bit of experience abroad now. I have been blessed enough to play for great clubs, with great players under great coaches so I want to continue growing." Foster looks up to his cousin and Bafana Bafana teammate, Luther Singh, who is enjoying plenty of success in Portugal with F.C. Paços de Ferreira. Singh has played 24 matches in all competitions for his side this season, scoring five goals and providing as many assists. Foster insists having Singh and compatriot Thibang Phete in Portugal, has helped him cope better with his lack of game time. “Thibang is 3 hours away in Lisbon and Luther, my cousin, is only 40 minutes away so whenever we get free time we get together and have lunch and catch up,” added Foster. “It’s nice to have colleagues and a family member close by whenever you need that support. The three of us have created a bond. “It’s also a big inspiration to see my cousin Luther doing so well and in the form of his life. I’m happy for him because he’s a great player.”