“Yesterday’s history, tomorrow’s a mystery, today is a gift. That’s why they call it the present.” With 2021 in full swing, Geraldine Augustine-Darwood from Gold Series Perfumes says that it’s her intention to focus on valuing herself more this year. “Valuing yourself more means more appreciation, living in the moment and recognising our self-worth – something we could all benefit from.” She offers up some advice: 1.    Start appreciating We often spend time listing all the things that we might not have achieved, but 2021 is all about appreciating the things that we have achieved, the things that make us happy and our small everyday luxuries. Simple things: Your bed. Your favourite snack in the cupboard. Your friends and family. The signature fragrance you choose to wear. Augustine-Darwood says that this extends to appreciating yourself and what you bring to the world. Think about the joy you offer others. That has immense value. 2.    Choose a dream to chase Choosing a dream to dedicate yourself to will give you purpose for 2021. Purpose and meaning build a strong foundation for self-worth, which is especially important moving into a New Year filled with obstacles to overcome. Choose a dream worthy of your attention, whether it’s achieving a goal you’ve strived for, changing professions, upskilling yourself or simply creating a new family routine. 3.    Live your life for now Find value in every moment, every day. Don’t let a minute slip by without being mindful of where you are, and what you’re doing. Living in the past, or the future can lead to regrets and disappointment. As the saying goes, “Yesterday’s history, tomorrow’s a mystery, today is a gift, that’s why they call it the present.” 4.    Rejoice in your uniqueness People can be so distracted by their weaknesses that they forget to celebrate their unique strengths. “Recognising growth opportunities as well as your strengths is a good path to understanding and celebrating yourself – no one is more you than you!” Augustine-Darwood says that part of that uniqueness is the fragrance you choose to ‘brand’ yourself with every day. Choose a signature scent that defines how you feel – whether it be bold or understated – scent has a wonderful way of improving your mood. “My choice of scent to wear for work is Gold Series Serendipity perfume as it gives me the confidence to conquer anything. For an evening out, I choose Gold Series Gold perfume,” concludes Augustine-Darwood. Available at selected retailers for a recommended retail price of R49.95.