THE arrest of a Durban University of Technology student (21) who allegedly killed fellow student Thabiso Mhlongo (19) on 7 January brought mixed emotions to the Mhlongo family. This was revealed by Thabiso’s mum Thandeka (43) on Friday, 12 March following the suspect’s brief appearance in the Durban Magistrates Court. He was arrested on Wednesday, 10 March in his hideout in Isipingo. Thandeka said: “When I saw him entering the dock, the pain of losing my son, which was slowly fading away, was renewed. “I have mixed emotions. I’m happy he’s been nabbed, but I’ll never see my son again.” ACTRESS, NOXOLO'S CAUSE OF DEATH A TOTAL MYSTERY She said seeing the suspect in court reminded her the bright future her son had ahead of him had been cut short. “He’s the reason I feel all the work I’ve put in raising my son, with the hope that one day I’d be a proud parent, has gone down the drain. “My son is dead and, on the other hand, he’s still alive. One day he’ll walk out of jail and continue living his life.” Thabiso from Mandeni, northern KZN, was doing his second year in HR management. Thandeka had previously told Daily Sun Thabiso, along with three fellow students, on the day of the incident were having a discussion in their room at DUT’s Sterling House residence when they were joined by the suspect. The conversation quickly turned ugly and ended with Thabiso being stabbed to death. DUT spokesman, Alan Khan, said: “DUT welcomes the arrest. DUT hopes this arrest will bring some comfort to the bereaved family and that justice will be served.” KZN police spokeswoman, Captain Nqobile Gwala, said the suspect had been on the run since then. “A case of murder was opened at Durban Central cop shop for investigation. “On Wednesday, the investigating officer who was assigned to the case followed up on information about the suspect involved in the murder. “The suspect was arrested in the Isipingo area where he was hiding.” KZN acting provincial commissioner, Major-General Thulani Gonya, praised the investigating officer.