WE have all lost our tempers at some point. It's part of
being human but when it becomes a constant problem for you and others around
you, you need to deal with it. Helene Vermaak, business director at The Human Edge,
asked: “Do you lose your temper in public, at work or at home and scream
hurtful insults at people around you? Is it negatively impacting your work and
social life?” Here are some advice and tactics you can use to control
your anger. Forewarned is
forearmed - If you can prepare yourself beforehand for the
situation, you will be able to handle it better. If you are prepared for a
person or situation which may trigger your temper, you can gain a grip on it.
Deciding in advance how you will handle your emotions and actions gives you
more control. Go to the balcony - Try to distance yourself psychologically from the
situation that is making you angry. William Ury, cofounder of the Harvard
Negotiation Project, calls this “going to the balcony”. Step back from the
conflict. Get some distance, rise above it and view what is happening as if you
are looking down at it from a balcony. Recognise your
triggers - Know what the buttons are. If you can identify what
your anger triggers are, you can steer your reaction into something positive. Challenge your
reactions - The brain runs on emotions and processes information
into stories. Like a TV studio, our minds take the raw sensory data we receive
and makes a quick news story out of it so the rest of the brain can understand
what’s going on. - The sight and sound of an event that’s captured by our
eyes and ears is sent to the visual and auditory cortexes in our brain. - The cortexes process a tiny fraction of this
information which is streamed to our prefrontal cortex. It makes complex
decisions based on the data it gets. - But when we feel at risk, the amygdala shuts down the
prefrontal cortex’s ability to make complex decisions and turns on our much
simpler, animal-based fight-or-flight type of decisions. - Our brains are also messy machines and are not as neat
as described, so if you feel your anger rising, you must ask yourself: do I
have enough information about the situation to be sure my anger is needed?