FEBRUARY this year marked a quarter of a century (25 years) since Bafana Bafana's historic feat at the 1996 Africa Cup of Nations. In 1996 Bafana won their first and only Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) title during the era of magical generation of Neil Tovey, Phil Masinga, Sizwe Motaung, Lucas Radebe, Eric Tinkler, Doctor Khumalo, John Moshoeu, and Shaun Bartlett.  1996 Bafana line-up: Andre Arendse, Sizwe Motaung, Neil Tovey, Lucas Radebe, Tinkler, Buthelezi, Doctor Khumalo, John Moshoeu, Phil Masinga, Shaun Bartlett. This was the Bafana side that reached their most incredible heights. The team, brimming with talent, was led by Clive "The Dog" Barker, who turned the class of ‘96 into a cohesive and ultimately deadly unit.  The team, captained by Neil Tovey, had all its bases covered with a strong defensive set-up added to by uncompromising and gifted midfield players and topped with some lethal strikers. In the group stages, Bafana were pitted against two African football giants - Cameroon and Egypt - and a tricky Angolan side. An emphatic 3-0 victory over the Cameroonians was the perfect start for the tournament for Bafana. Khumalo was one of the tournament stars, and his contribution included providing a piercing assist with a defence-splitting pass for Masinga to open the scoring a few minutes into the first game of the tournament. Bafana thumped another established African giant Ghana 3-0 in the semi-finals, further fueling the team's belief and confidence, with North Africans Tunisia waiting in the final. Williams started the final on the bench and scored both goals as Bafana won 2-0. After their victory in 1996, they finished runners-up two years later, then third in 2000 with a quarterfinal exit in 2002. They were knocked out in the group stages between 2004 and 2008, before failing to qualify in 2010 and 2012. They qualified as the hosts in 2013 and bowed out in the quarterfinals. Bafana returned in 2015, but were beaten in the first round, having collected a mere point from a possible nine. The team benefitted when the finals field expanded to 24 teams in 2019 where they shocked hosts Egypt in the second round. But ultimately, they lost three of their five games and stumbled their way through the tournament. The current crop of players that will face Ghana on Thursday needs at least four points in two matches to book their place in the finals of the Afcon scheduled to take place in Cameroon early 2022. Can they do it? Send us an email with all your views on sport@dailysun.co.za  