IT rained cash in the streets of Diepkloof, Soweto. Residents came to grab whatever they could get a hold of. Videos of the heist which happened this past Friday have emerged after a cash van was robbed and set alight. Those who happened to be passing by were delighted at picking up cash shamelessly. Videos of this incident have also been circulating on social media. Although some are happy for those who benefitted, they also think there should be heavy security around cash vans. Said Mduduzi Mahlangu on Facebook: “These heists are now becoming a norm. “There’s always a story about a heist in Diepkloof. It’s tiring and dangerous. “We understand God doesn’t give with both hands, but let’s also think about the injuries or fatalities that always take place. This is dangerous and security needs to be re-enforced.” Mantsoe Mokoena said she feared for the lives of those who run for that cash whenever this happens.  “There’s fire around that, but it seems people just want the money without realising they’re putting their lives in danger,” said Mantsoe.   “People need money. Imagine being unemployed and this happens while you’re passing by. Of course you’ll want to dive in. Let’s not judge people who pick up the cash. Security should be enforced, finish and klaar.” Colonel Brenda Muridili told Daily Sun the cash vehicle was pulling away at the intersection when a VW Polo rammed it on the driver’s side. “The cash van stopped in the middle of Immick Drive. A bakkie drove up and the occupants opened fire, prompting the driver and crew to get out,” said Muridili. She said the suspects allegedly used explosives to blow open the vehicle. “They fled the scene with an undisclosed amount of money in three vehicles,” she said. Muridili also said a rifle belonging to the security guards was recovered in Diepkloof zone 2 on Baragwanah Road. “One security guard was taken to hospital for smoke inhalation,” said Muridili. “We’re appealing to anyone with information to call the CrimeStop number 086 00 10111 or send tip-offs on MySAPS App.” 