BAFANA Bafana forward Percy Tau wouldn’t have missed the two crunch Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers against Ghana and Sudan for the world. The 26-year-old was willing to risk it all to travel to Mzansi and help his team qualify for their second Afcon tournament in a row. The 10-day mandatory quarantine upon his return to the UK is only a small price to pay for Tau, who is eager to get much-needed game time that he has been lacking in England. Tau, who could again miss a few games for English Premiership side Brighton and Hove Albion due to quarantine, believes his country needs him more at this time. Bafana are looking to seal qualifications for next year’s Afcon in Cameroon with a good result at home against Ghana on Thursday (6pm) at FNB Stadium. Molefi Ntseki’s charges then travel to Sudan for their final match of the qualifiers on Sunday (6pm) at the Al Hilal Stadium. “It’s always an honour and a privilege for me to be here representing my country,” said Tau. “I’m always grateful for the opportunity to be selected and always try my best to help the team to win. “We all know how important these two games are for us. “I was grateful that the communication with Brighton went well and they allowed me to come. “I know some team did not allow players to come over but am glad there was a compromise in my situation. “I still have to go into quarantine after the international break but it doesn’t matter because I got the opportunity to represent my country. “I always want to play and that’s the drive that I have. “It’s also a great opportunity for me to get game time but the most important thing is that I want to help my country qualify for the Afcon.” Bafana will be eyeing revenge against the Black Stars who got the better of them in the first round away from home as they went down 2-0. They will also be targeting top spot in Group C as they currently sit second behind Ghana with both teams on nine points while Sudan with third with six. Ghana have a better head-to-head record over Bafana. Sao Tome and Principe prop up the table with no points to their name in their four outings so far, and are out of the race. “It’s going to be a very tough match,” Tau insists as he looks ahead to their battle against Ghana. “It doesn’t matter if they don’t have some of their best players, they are still a good team. “We also won’t have some of our best players but this is an opportunity for others to step up.”