MAMELODI Sundowns co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi has admitted that his side will be slightly weakened by the absence of their top marksman Peter Shalulile in their next match. The Tshwane giants will be without the Namibian international when they welcome Black Leopards at Loftus Versfeld on Sunday (5pm) due to suspension. Shalulile has been a regular for Downs since joining from Highlands Park at the beginning of the season. He has been one of the instrumental players in the team, contributing 14 goals and six assists in his 25 matches in all competitions so far this campaign. Shalulile has formed a solid partnership upfront with diminutive striker Kermit Erasmus, who will also miss the clash against Lidoda Duvha through injury. Mngqithi feels his side will miss the pair’s guile and efficiency in attack but has faith in the rest of his star-studded squad to get the job done against struggling Leopards. “It’s a big loss and it’s worse when you look at why he (Shalulile) is suspended,” said Mngqithi. “There are these suspensions that we get. I also got one this season, but I know that I had not done anything. “I look at Peter as well and I also know that he was fouled but he gets suspended. But maybe it was better that it happened because at the time it looked like he could get the second and be suspended for longer. “But we are happy that he will only miss one. He is an important player who scores in almost every match. “We will be without both Kermit and Peter for the next match but fortunately we have (Mauricio) Affonso back, Villa (Sibusiso Vilakazi) back and there is also (Keletso) Magkgalwa. “We are confident we have enough players who can make a difference, fortunately, we are not only reliant on strikes to score at Sundowns. We have goals everywhere, even in defence.” Sundowns will be looking to maintain their impressive 25 matches unbeaten run as well as their lead at the top of the DStv Premiership table. They are chasing their 11th straight win in all competitions. Their last blemish came from an MTN8 quarter-final tie against Bloemfontein Celtic last October.