WHEN BONISIWE fell in love with a policeman, she thought she had given her heart to the right man. But that man allegedly had a male cop lover – and the other man is making her life hell. “HE TELLS ME HE CAN MESS ME UP ANYTIME HE WANTS TO!” said Bonisiwe Mashinini (32) from Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni. She lives in fear. The man’s gay cop ex has been threatening her since late last year. “He sends me SMSes telling me he’ll kill me. He wanted me to stop dating his cop lover, which I did.”  But that wasn’t enough for the guy. When he lost his cool even more Bonisiwe opened a case of intimidation in December last year. “He wants me to drop the case. I’m still being threatened. He knows my every move. He tells me he can mess me up anytime.” Her boyfriend denied dating him. “He promised to investigate but nothing much happened. They’re no longer tight, which is probably why he’s harassing me.” She believes her life is in danger. “He tells me what I did the day before and he’s always right.” She said recently she was attacked by unknown men. “They dragged me into a car and klapped me. They burnt me with a cigarette. They told me to drop the case if I wanted to live.” The mother of one said the ex-lover even threatened to harm her child. “My son was chased by a strange car. He was able to hide in the bushes but is afraid to go to school.” Bonisiwe, a sangoma, said she usually goes to a veld for ukuphahla. “Someone was following me. My suspicions were confirmed by SMSes from the ex-lover. He told me the person tailing me could harm me.” “The police are not helping. I guess I have to die first before they do something. They think I’m crazy.” The SunTeam tried to contact the ex-lover but none of the numbers worked. When they arrived at the police station he was not there. The man in the middle of the controversy refused to comment. Bonisiwe’s friend Lucas Sithole said: “He probably knows he can cover it up.” One SMS reads: “My station commander won’t help you. They’re playing with your mind. If you forward this SMS to someone say goodbye to your child. I know he’s at school.”