KAIZER Chiefs striker Samir Nurkovic is desperate to score in today’s historical 100th league Soweto derby. Chiefs will host their nemesis - Orlando Pirates in a DStv Premiership clash at the FNB Stadium (3.30 pm). Nurkovic, Chiefs' main man last season, is hoping that he finally ends his Derby dark. Since Nurkovic joined Chiefs at the beginning of last term, in four matches in all competitions against Pirates, he has failed to score. He was presented with the chance to break his dark against Pirates when these two sides met in the reverse league fixture at Orlando Stadium late in January. The 28-year-old saw his penalty saved by Richard Ofori, with the former Maritzburg United captain diving at full stretch to see Pirates beat their rivals 2-1 for the third time this season. “It is any player’s dream to score in the Derby,” said Nurkovic, who is set to start up front. “Yes, I haven’t scored but I’m looking forward to today's game.” Due to an injury, Nurkovic missed the first two matches of the Derby, the MTN8 semi-finals. His physical strength and being a nuisance to the defence was felt, as Pirates weren’t tested enough and scored three goals in the first leg at Orlando. Josef Zinnabauer’s side then completed the task with little fuss in the second leg at FNB Stadium as they won 2-0 to win 5-0 on aggregate. Having been hampered by an injury at the beginning of the season, Nurkovic, since he returned, has failed to recapture last season’s form. In 15 appearances so far, he has scored only once.Last season, Nurkovic, in 31 appearances in all competitions, he scored 14 goals and contributed six assists. This season's form has not helped Chiefs’ cause either as Amakhosi are frustrated lying in 11th position on the DStv Premiership table with 20 points from 18 games. Nurkovic said, the failure to be part of Chiefs’ pre season because of the injury, is the result of his poor form. “Last season, when I came to the club, we had one and a half months of pre-season and preparing,” Nurkovic said. “But the difference this season is that I missed a lot of games from the beginning, I just went from recovery treatments and sessions straight to the games. “But I'm happy that I am back and that I can help the team. Obviously it's not frustrating for me. I have to just work hard and hopefully the next game will be the game to score.”