DURBAN University of Technology (DUT) is going to take disciplinary actions against its students who participated in a violent protest this afternoon. During this protest that took place outside Steve Biko campus in Durban, five students were stabbed. It is alleged that those who were involved in this violent protest are students affiliated with SASCO and EFFSC. DUT Vice-Chancellor, Thandwa Mthembu said he saw video clips showing the street brawl between groups of students. He said he was disappointed that after he communicated repeatedly that a university is a place of calm and peace, facts and evidence, reason and logic, and deliberation but students still behaved in the manner that they did. "It is very unbecoming of a university student to recoil into the most primitive ways of settling disagreements: fisticuffs, sjamboking, hurling of bricks and stones, and so forth. Management has no option but to take very drastic disciplinary measures against all of those who will be identifiable and or reported to have been involved in this brawl. Simply, their behaviour does not belong in a university," said Mthembu. He said the ugliest part is that gatherings that led to the brawl consisted of people who were not wearing their masks and keeping their physical distance. He said whilst this behaviour constitutes a flagrant violation of COVID-19 related legislation, it also poses a great risk of DUT becoming a super-spreader of COVID-19. "On behalf of management, I condemn all of these violations of our institutional culture and COVID-19 protocols and regulations. I, therefore, urge all our students to desist from this despicable and errant behaviour," he said. He said the management and police are being forced to consider all means – legal and otherwise - to stop this degeneration of the university into a cauldron of mayhem. "More pronouncements will be made to nip these dastardly deeds in the bud," said Mthembu. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that there was a clash among two parties outside the campus at DUT. "Five students were stabbed and sustained injuries during the altercation. They were taken to a campus clinic for medical attention. Police are still around monitoring the situation," said Gwala.