KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt has confirmed that the club will be without their key players for their Caf Champions League group match on Saturday. Amakhosi host Angola outfit Petro de Luanda in their third Group C match at FNB Stadium, 6 pm. They are going to this encounter sitting third in Group C with a single point after being held 0-0 at home by Horoya and succumbing to a 4-0 defeat by Wydad Casablanca last weekend. On Friday, Hunt confirmed that Itumeleng Khune, Ramahlwe Mphahlele, Kgotso Moleko, and Philani Zulu will not play while Samir Nurkovic and Leonardo Castro are doubtful. Khune is home after losing his sister. ALSO READ: KHUNE'S SISTER BURNT BYOND RECOGNITION Hunt revealed: "It is a very sad time for Itu and his family. He is away, he will not play tomorrow. It is a very difficult time for him." "We are struggling with the few (players). Captain Rama was sent out in the last game he will not play. Samir is struggling a little bit. Castro has played many games we will make the final call by tomorrow (Saturday). Moleko came back from Covid-19 testing; he will isoliate for a couple of days. (Philani) Zulu is still sick, and he was sick yesterday. Hunt added: "We only really got one striker available. It is a problem, but we worked on the training ground since Tuesday knowing the problem. We will have to play differently, do what we can." The former Bidvest Wits coach remains confident they can still make it into the tournament's quarterfinals despite failing to collect maximum points in their opening two games. "If you look at the history of the competition, 12 points and 10 points get you in. We still got four games left; we going to have to win both home games and certainly win one of the away games. It is pretty clear," Hunt said. Camp UpdateUnavailable players for Saturday:- Billiat: Road to recovery and progressing well- Rama: Suspended - Castro, Nurkovic and Zuma: Assortment of injuries - Moleko: Returned from family responsibility but not available for selection- Khune #Amakhosi4Life pic.twitter.com/jXHoEkuFle  Itu Khune out due to family bereavement. Khune has lost his beloved sister on Thursday morning. We send our deepest heartfelt condolences to Itu and his family. The Club will give Itu the necessary support in this moment of grieving. May her soul Rest In Peace.#Amakhosi4Life pic.twitter.com/H902ndUEBR 