SPEAKING on behalf of all Premier Soccer League (PSL) teams, Irvin Khoza, chairman of the league, has thrown a word of caution to new Confederation of African Football (Caf) president, Patrice Motsepe. "My caution would be that avoid paralysis over analysis," said Khoza at the Sandton Convention Centre in Joburg on Tuesday. "We are looking for solutions. Caf and Africa are looking for people with solutions. Congratulations president. You're a businessman and everything that you've touched has been successful." He advised Motsepe to use the collective intelligence that is behind him "to make sure you succeed". He was referring to all continental support that Motsepe has enjoyed, from federation presidents and governments, including the big support from Fifa president Gianni Infantino. "There is no room for failure, expectations are very high. Dr Danny Jordaan (Safa president) has mentioned why you were the option to be president of CAF. This must be a motivating factor for you - not pressure. "You're used to pressure, you don't sleep normally because you must watch what is happening in Australia, America, Hong Kong and the South African stock markets, all on different time zones. "For me, Caf and Africa are blessed to have you to steer us forward. "On behlaf of the 32 teams in the PSL, we're excited to have you ascend to this position. The executives said I must tell you that whatever help that you need, they will be available for you to do whatever odd work that you want them to do. "But the continent itself is looking for solution, not today, tomorrow but yesterday." On the burning broadcast hiccup in Africa, Khoza said: "We're not being broadcast. It's important that we create a product. If you don't have a product then you can't attract television. "You must have a product. We have so much material to provide that product. We're supplying the whole world with talent, why can't we have the product. The solutions are there for us to harness them. I'm glad that you came with the support from your family to make sure you succeed." He heaped praise on the entire campaign team that recruited Motsepe to stand for this position where he was voted unopposed on Friday in Rabat, Morocco. "(They've done) wonderful work that made sure that you're set for this position," Khoza added. "The minister (Nathi Mthethwa) made sure that you get all the necessary protocols to succeed. If you put your foot forward then everything will happen. "But the challenges are huge - that should be a motivating influence for you to give this continent the respect that it deserves. It is important that you cannot produce raw material but cannot produce finished material." In his reply, Motsepe emphasised that the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) will be held every two years, and not four as it was previously recommended. "We need partners who will be with us on the ground," said Motsepe, who relinquished his title as Mamelodi Sundowns president to his son, Tlhopane. "Infantino, in all the discussion we had, expressed his commitment to African football. I'm confidently committed to work with him, he's my brother. He loves Africa. I need him to help us in Africa. We need support from the leadership in other continents in the best interest of Africa. "We're football people and we need to score goals. We will win and we will succeed."