A MOTHER and daughter were sentenced on Wednesday, 10 March to 15 and 20 years in prison, respectively, for the murder of the family electrician. The Port Elizabeth High Court also handed Christine (58) and Chantell Russouw (38) an additional 15 years each for robbery with aggravating circumstances. NPA spokeswoman Anelisa Ngcakani said Wayne Russouw, at the beginning of July 2018, started shopping around for someone to help murder their family electrician, Petrus Scholtz. Scholtz apparently wanted his “tools of trade” back. She said Wayne on the evening of 16 July fetched Ronald Swartz (27) and took him to his home. “Wayne and Ronald had been acquaintances for six years, and when they were at the house Wayne explained his plan,” said Ngcakani. Christine called Petrus and asked him to come fix the geyser. He did this and left. The following day Ronald, Wayne, Christine and Chantell planned the murder. Wayne promised to pay Ronald R10 000 for his role. “Wayne then called Petrus to come collect his payment for the job. He arrived shortly after 8pm,” said Ngcakani. “Ronald grabbed him from behind while Wayne beat him with a baton on the head until he became unconscious. “Wayne and Ronald tied Petrus up and placed him in the chest freezer.” Christine cleaned the kitchen floor, which was covered in blood. “Wayne and his sister Chantell went and bought food at a fast-food outlet with money he’d stolen from Petrus’ wallet.” The following day, the siblings drove to Cash Crusaders in Petrus’ Isuzu bakkie, where they sold his electrical equipment. In the evening, Wayne and Ronald removed Petrus’ body from the chest freezer and loaded it into his bakkie. Together with Chantell, they dumped the body in a bushy area. It was discovered the following day by a pedestrian, who alerted police. “Wayne then informed his girlfriend his mother and sister had killed a man. The girlfriend confronted Chantell, who told her that it was Wayne and his acquaintance who’d killed him,” said Ngcakani. Wayne and Christine sold the bakkie for R10 000. On 20 July, Wayne sold the chest freezer and other items that belonged to Petrus. Wayne, Christine and Chantell were arrested at their home on 20 July. Police found a number of items in the house that belonged to Petrus. Ronald was arrested six days later. In December 2020, Wayne was sentenced to life imprisonment while Ronald was sentenced to 25 years. Judge Elna Revelas said Christine and Chantell lied throughout the trial and, as it progressed, the lies became more ridiculous. Advocate Marius Stander pointed out that they had ample time to own up to what they’d done. The judge said the two showed no remorse. However, she took into consideration that they were first-time offenders and sentenced Chantell to 20 years for murder and 15 for robbery with aggravating circumstances. She sentenced Christine to 15 years for murder and another 15 for robbery with aggravating circumstances.