ON Thursday, 11 March, Twitter was abuzz as local celebrities shone the spotlight on the behaviour of police during the students protest. This comes after Mthokozisi Ntumba (35) was shot and killed, allegedly by police during a protest by Wits University students. TV host and sports presenter Robert Marawa wrote: “Mthokozisi Ntumba had just obtained his Masters degree... Now he’s dead. Tragic. MHRIP.” Rapper Cassper Nyovest said the cops were failing to fight gender-based violence and other crimes, but they were quick to act on students who’re demanding education. Taking to Twitter, Cassper wrote: “Where is the same energy for GBV, rape and other crimes that occur daily and that they are aware of? In fact, not only are they aware of them, they are either directly involved or committing the crimes themselves. But when it’s students fighting for education, they are fast.” ALSO READ | TENSION AHEAD OF UKHOZI FM CHANGES In an Instagram post, DJ and producer Prince Kaybee said: “It’s unfortunate that the apartheid culture of ‘protect white and punish black at all costs’ still thrives in 2021 SAPS. It’s the very same black officers who know our pain and struggles leading the assault and killing our people for demanding their dignity,” he wrote. News anchor Cathy Mohlahlana also expressed her disappointment. “In this country you can leave your home for a doctor’s visit and not return. You will die at the hands of those employed to protect. The sun will set and no one will be arrested. Your family will phone you, praying that you are not the person in the picture. This is not normal,” she wrote. Radio host Sakina Kamwendo tweeted: “His name is Mthokozisi Ntumba. The young man who was shot and killed in Braamfontein yesterday when police indiscriminately shot at people, including students. #MthokozisiNtumba was 35 years old and had recently obtained his masters degree. He had three young children. #Wits protest.” Actress Tsholofelo Matshaba sent her condolences to Mthokozisi’s family. She wrote: “Rest in peace Mthokozisi Ntumba. An innocent life lost. My most sincere condolences to your family.” Ipid spokeswoman Ndileka Cola said they were investigating the death of Mthokozisi as a result of police action. “It is alleged that a 35-year-old man, a civilian, a husband, a father of a toddler who was not part of the student protest had just left the doctor’s rooms when he was allegedly shot by the police officers. During this preliminary investigation, Ipid has managed to collect numerous witnesses statements, confiscated firearms, and these firearms will be taken for ballistic analysis. The post mortem for the actual cause of death will be conducted later this week,” said Ndileka.  His name is Mthokozisi Ntumba. The young man who was shot & killed in Braamfontein yesterday when police indiscriminately shot at people, including students. #MthokoziziNtumba was 35 years old & had recently obtained his Masters Degree. He had 3 young children. #witsprotest pic.twitter.com/mcWraomXfj   A post shared by K A B I L L I O N (@princekaybee_sa)  Yoh!!!! This is sad ??... This man must be arrested and an example needs to be made... It can't be business as usual. What was the reason for this innocent man to be killed so brutally? #witsprotest .@CyrilRamaphosa https://t.co/99I651tPNm 