WITS University students marched to Luthuli House on Thursday, 11 March to deliver a memorandum of demands. They also marched to the Constitutional Court. They’ve been protesting over financial exclusion at the university. Meanwhile, the NPA said it couldn’t enrol cases of the students who were arrested during protests at Wits due to insufficient evidence. Seven students were arrested for public violence and malicious damage to property. However, the malicious injury to property docket was referred back to the police for further investigation. Once the investigations are concluded, the docket can be brought back to the NPA for a decision on whether to prosecute. Meanwhile, students marched from Marabastad to the Department of Higher Education and Training offices in the Tshwane CBD on Thursday. They demanded all first-year students be included in Nsfas. They handed over a memorandum of demands to department deputy director-general, Lulama Mbobo-Vava. University of Pretoria SRC president, Lerato Ndlovu, said: “Year after year we have historical debt and the department does nothing. Students come to the gate and cannot register because of debt,” she said. “We demand allowances be released urgently. We have students who started the academic year and don’t have places to sleep and food to eat. We demand the allowances be released on Monday.” She said the department and Nsfas must take into account student who were abandoned last year. Those students were in debt and couldn’t register. “We also demand the postponement of the beginning of the academic year until all students are registered,” she said. Meanwhile, Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande said Cabinet met on Wednesday and discussed the Nsfas funding shortfall matter. Cabinet agreed funding should be reprioritised from the department’s budget to ensure all qualifying students received it. “Further reprioritisation can only be considered as part of the medium-term budget process of government later this year,” he said. Following this decision, Nsfas would release funding. “Cabinet also agreed a comprehensive review of government’s student funding policy is urgently required and instructed the department to start work immediately.”