The Zulu royal family is expected to decide on the heir to
the throne this week. This comes after the longest-reigning monarch of the Zulu
people, King Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu, was buried last Wednesday. He is survived by six wives and at least 30 children. In a statement broadcast on SABC, Prince Mangosuthu
Buthelezi said the royal household had met on Saturday at KwaKhethomthandayo
palace and decided to have another meeting during the week. One of the issues discussed during the meeting, he said, was
the king's will. "It was decided that a meeting be held on Wednesday
morning with His Majesty's lawyers. That's where the matter stands at present.
Further details will be communicated after Wednesday." He did not touch on reports that Queen Mantombfi Dlamini was
appointed interim leader until a new regent was chosen. MaDlamini, as she is known, is the daughter of Sobhuza II of
Swaziland and the sister of King Mswati III. Zulu cultural expert Dr Gugu Mazibuko told News24 that while
she didn't want to speculate on who the next leader would be, it would not be
new for a woman to lead the kingdom. "There was Princess Mkabayi kaJama and Queen kaMsweli,
the mother of King Dinizulu. Women are highly respected in the Zulu
monarchy." Princess Mkabayi kaJama led the nation in 1781 after the
death of King Jama kaNdaba. She stepped down in 1787 when King Senzangakhona
came of age and could take on the role. KaMsweli led the nation for eight years while Dinuzulu was
exiled in St Helena for high treason and sedition for joining the Boer soldiers
and winning against the British soldiers and Chief Zibhebhu ka Mapitha. Mazibuko said the late monarch was passionate about
developing women within the nation. "He was way ahead of his time. During his time he
installed quite a number of women amakhosi. The king had a special place that
he reserved for women and children." She said they also allowed women to lead some traditional
ceremonies. "He used to see leaders in everyone." Mazibuko said while there was no set time frame for the
appointment of a new king, the Zulu nation was "anxious" for the
announcement. "We need to respect the delay because it will be good
for the nation. We need to wait for the formal announcement through amakhosi
and induna." SOURCE: NEWS24 