West Ham boss David Moyes returns to Manchester United on Sunday with his reputation restored after a long period in the wilderness following his Old Trafford nightmare. Moyes has West Ham flying high in the Premier League and a win at his old club would boost their unexpected bid to qualify for the Champions League via a top-four finish. The fifth-placed Hammers have won four of their last six league games, closing within two points of fourth-placed Chelsea and six behind second-placed United, with a game in hand on both. "If we can go to Old Trafford and pick up three points that would be an incredible achievement for us," Moyes said. "We have been on a really good run since the start of this year. We are in good form, the players have taken on all the games and we want to keep that record going." This time last year, Moyes was fighting to steer West Ham away from the relegation zone after taking charge of the east London club in December 2019. Moyes has revamped his squad with a series of astute signings, including Czech duo Tomas Soucek and Vladimir Coufal, promising winger Jarrod Bowen and, most recently, Jesse Lingard on loan from Manchester United. Lingard is not eligible to face United this weekend, but Moyes' ability to revitalise the midfielder's stalled career, together with his development of Declan Rice, prove he has rediscovered the Midas touch that made his name at Everton. When Moyes was hired by United in 2013, the Scot was widely regarded as one of the brightest young managers in the Premier League after his impressive 11-year reign at Goodison Park. Although he was unable to deliver any silverware, he had led Everton to a top-four finish in 2005 and consistently kept them in the top half of the table on a limited budget. Moyes' appointment at United had been endorsed by Alex Ferguson, who recommended his compatriot before retiring. Inheriting a title-winning team, Moyes signed a six-year contract and was expected to refresh an ageing squad while maintaining the success of the Ferguson era. But he never looked comfortable in the harsh glare of the Old Trafford spotlight, with each decision picked apart by fans, pundits and even his own players in an unforgiving way he never had to endure at Everton. -AFP