KING Goodwill Zwelithini was described as a peacemaker and straight talker during his memorial service yesterday. His memorial service took place at the KwaKhethomthandayo Royal Palace after his private burial at KwaDlamahlahla on Wednesday. The memorial service was attended by dignitaries including former president Jacob Zuma, government officials and traditional leaders. READ: PRISON POKE INMATE SERVING LIFE FOR RAPE! Amabutho sang and chanted outside the palace while izintombi sang and danced. Delivering the eulogy, President Cyril Ramaphosa said a huge tree had fallen after a courageous fight. “King Zwelithini will be remembered for bringing peace and stability during the political violence in KZN. “He used to ask who he’ll lead if his father’s people are killing each other,” said Ramaphosa. “He led the fight against HIV and TB and encouraged the Mzansi government to provide treatment. “He encouraged the youth to avoid unprotected sexual activities and drugs.”  Ramaphosa said the king would be remembered as a defender of his people and Zulu culture and as a champion on economic development. “He was the champion of circumcision and it has served many people,” said Ramaphosa. The president said many leaders and people from countries across the African continent and other parts of the world had expressed their sorrow. “We also received the heartfelt condolences of United Nations secretary-general, Antonio Guterres,” he said. They also received news about the passing of Tanzania president John Magufuli. ALSO READ: THE CAUSE OF NOXEE'S DEATH REVEALED! “I spoke to vice-president Hassan and conveyed the condolences of the people of South Africa to the government and the people of Tanzania.” He said Zwelithini had been a revered leader of the Zulus for half a century. KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala said the king was at the forefront of the war against Covid-19 and encouraged unity among political parties. “He fought against political violence and hostel wars while he accommodated all religions,” he said. Princess Ntombi Zulu said the king understood politics and religion. “He understood that conflict doesn’t affect only politics but it affects the economy. He used cultural activities to forge unity in KZN.”