THE people of Phaliso Village felt disappointed when news broke that Education MEC Fundile Gade had cancelled a meeting with them at the last minute. Residents of the village in Ugie, Eastern Cape, were told the MEC had cancelled his meeting with the family of Ivile Mgqamba, which was supposed to happen on Thursday, 18 March. The young boy was left traumatised and humiliated after the principal of his school told him to strip to his underwear and jump into a pit latrine. Ivile and 10 others had not attended school since the incident on 1 March. The principal was suspended while the department investigated allegations that he told the boy to dive into the toilet to look for his cellphone. The principal allegedly promised the boy R200 if he found the phone. Members of the boy’s family told the SunTeam they wanted to ask Gade questions about the investigation and why he only intervened two weeks after it happened. READ: THE CAUSE OF NOXEE'S DEATH REVEALED! The boy’s gogo Nosakhele Mgqamba said she felt as if no one cared about Ivile’s wellbeing. “We were expecting the MEC to tell us the scope of the investigation, when it is expected to be finalised and exactly how many people were under investigation,” she said. Gogo Nosakhele said she welcomed the suspension of the principal. “We don’t know when the MEC is going to meet us. We were just told he had other commitments, as if my child is not important,” she said. She told Daily Sun she waited all day in vain for officials from the department to come to her home. “They did not come. The children say there was no (general) meeting at the school or signs that there were officials (from the department),” she said. Ivile spoke to the People’s Paper and said he has put the incident behind him. “The kids stopped teasing me because their parents told them not to. I play with my friends. I am going back to school,” he said. The soft speaking Ivile said on the day in question there were 16 of them, but he was made the ringleader because “I had a tiny body compared to others”. ALSO READ: PRISON POKE INMATE SERVING LIFE FOR RAPE! Community leader Sithembiso Gwampa said he only heard of the meeting being cancelled on Thursday morning. “We had been planning for this meeting since it was announced on Monday. Some of us cancelled other commitments because we wanted to be here as it’s a serious matter,” he said. “If it was the child of a rich person, of course this case would be taken seriously. Because he is an orphan, no one takes it seriously.” Gade’s spokesman Malibongwe Mtima told Daily Sun that Gade had sent the department’s chief of staff to the school “to request for a postponement because the MEC had a commitment”. Mtima said Gade was sent at another engagement at the 11th hour. He said the meeting with the school and the boy’s family had been “rescheduled” for next week. Mtima said Gade would visit the family and the school “at the earliest possible time”.