Zulu virgins and virginity testers are begging the Zulu royal house and King Zwelithini’s successor not to stop the annual reed dance festival (umkhosi womhlanga) and virginity testing culture after his death. They said the testing and reed dance festival helped them to avoid sexual diseases, unwanted pregnancies and unnecessary abortions. Zulu virgins, called izintombi zomhlanga, visited KwaKhethomthandayo royal palace on Wednesday to pay their last respects to the king. Every year in September, virgins gather around to present their reeds to the king after they are tested. This ancient Zulu practice was largely neglected by previous kings, but later revived by King Zwelithini in 1984. Virgin Sinelile Ndlovu (26) from Jozini, KZN, who started attending the festival in 2013, told Daily Sun that the king used to teach them to respect and be academics. “The king loves us as his children. I’m doing my final year in education while I’m still a virgin because of him. He taught us to remain virgins until God blessed us with marriage. We are begging the royal house to continue giving us a chance to be tested as virgins and attend the festival as per our culture,” she said. Another virgin Hloniphile Masuku (33), from Jozini, told Daily Sun that she started attending the reed dance festival in 2004. “I managed to keep my virginity until I finished my teaching studies. Last year I finished my diploma, and I am now waiting to be employed. The king taught us that virgins keep their virginity until they get married, and that while we are still waiting, we should study and get better jobs. We promise to continue with his important lessons,” she said. Virginity tester Mbali Mokhethi (51), from Empangeni, told Daily Sun that she started testing virgins in 1998. “The king was helping us by teaching our girls to go to school and arm themselves with education and avoid sexual activities until they get married. “Doing the testing helped them not to get sexual diseases, unwanted pregnancies and unnecessary abortions. I want to encourage our virgins to keep their virginity until they get married as they did when the king was alive,” she said. 