FORMER President Jacob Zuma discreetly met with Bain SA 17 times between 2012 and 2016. And according to former Bain SA partner Athol Williams, the management consulting firm had no business meeting with a president of any country. Testifying at the Zondo Commission on Tuesday, 23 March, Williams said it was laughable that the US-based company tried to explain these many meetings as marketing meetings to introduce themselves to the president. “Other that laughing out loud and rolling on the ground, for me, it’s an absurd statement that marketing yourself to the president takes 17 meetings. It makes absolutely no sense,” he said. An email from Bain’s managing partner Vittorio Massone to staff told them about a meeting with Zuma in Cape Town. He also told him about the imminent appointment of Tom Moyane at SARS seven months before he was actually appointed. “Bain became Zuma’s agency of choice when he wanted to engage with other government officials,” said Williams. He said another abnormal thing that Bain did was to enter into a contract with Ambrobrite, a communications/entertainment company owned by Duma Ndlovu and Mandla KaNozulu. Williams said Bain paid R50 000 to KaNozulu for an ANC Youth League party. He said the firm also got involved with the ANC’s manifesto and organised meetings between local and Italian police. Williams said he doubted Massone’s ethics when he arrived in 2010. Before the proceedings could begin, Bain brought an application for leave to cross-examine Williams, but did not make an application for leave to give evidence. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo said he remembered that one of Bain’s employees did not complete his evidence at the Nuggent Commission. He said he was left with the impression that the company didn’t want to comply and subject itself to the commission. “When I see that it doesn’t apply for leave to apply to adduce (cite) evidence in this commission, but applies for leave to cross-examine Mr Williams, I wonder whether it is prepared to submit itself to questioning by this commission, or whether it just wants to cross-examine and make written submissions and not subject itself to questioning by this commission,” said Zondo.