Deputy Minister of Transport, Dikeledi Magadzi, launched the 2021 Easter Safety Campaign today at Bapo Ba Mogale tribal authority in North West. She said: “As we launch the campaign, this is a stark reminder of why we should redouble our efforts to arrest the carnage on our roads.” She said on Sunday, 6 people died after two vehicles collided on the R30 outside Welkom in the Free State. “A mother and her two toddlers and a man on the Avanza died on the scene while the driver of a BMW and a woman who was a passenger also died on the scene. “This is a tragedy that could have been avoided, we must work harder to reverse the tide and preserve human life on our roads,” she said She said through collaborative effort, people can find new and creative ways to make decisive interventions in that regard. “We simply cannot continue using the same tactics that have not worked in the past, hoping to achieve different results. “The relentless assault and threat to human life by the Covid-19 requires of us to sustain our vigilance and not give in to fatigue in adhering to health protocols and embracing the new normal,” she said Magadzi said Easter’s will see increased volumes on our roads and across the land borders with neighboring countries as people will be travelling for different purposes. “All road users are enjoined to adhere to health protocols and to adhere to road rules. “However, the four-day Easter weekend is a period where we lose not less than 230 lives each year,” she said She added that despite hard lockdown and travel restrictions, 38 people lost their lives last year. “It is important for us to take note that most of the fatal crashes occur at night and more than 70% of the hit and runs happen at night. “We encourage road users to avoid travelling at night, not only to observe the curfew hours but also keep safe from the hazards that are mostly prevalent at night. “This is driven by different factors like excessive speeding, fatigue, drinking and driving, driving under the influence of narcotics and overloading of passengers and goods. She said Road Safety is a collective responsibility. She added that pedestrians remain the most victims in roads. “Pedestrians if you have to go out after dark, ensure you wear bright clothing so that you are visible.