A MAN of cloth who was accused of rape and robbery has been found guilty. Pastor Chris Xaba (45) from Vlaklaagte near KwaMhlanga appeared before the Witbank Regional Court on Thursday, 11 March. He was remanded in police custody pending his sentencing proceedings on Friday, 19 March. According to Mpumalanga police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi, his conviction stems from an incident in which a 39-year-old woman from Vosman, who was hitchhiking at the time, became his victim. The incident occurred on 29 December 2019, when the pastor raped and robbed the woman of her personal items at gunpoint. “The court heard that the pastor offered a lift to a woman who was desperate to get to Nelspruit. As soon as she got inside the car, he told the victim that he needed to collect other commuters who were heading in the same direction as them. “He drove to a secluded bush at a certain farm near Witbank where he drew out a firearm along the way and started behaving violently towards the helpless woman. He further threatened to kill her should she resist co-operating with his orders. “When the coast was clear for him, the pastor brutally raped the victim and robbed her of her personal belongings, including the clothes she was wearing at the time. In order to scare the daylights out of her, he fired a gunshot before leaving her stranded and naked,” said Hlathi. “The traumatised victim managed to make her way out of the bushes until she reached a house where she was offered help and taken to the nearest police station and a case of rape was opened with an additional charge of robbery. “At that time, the suspect was unknown, and so was the registration number plate of the vehicle he was driving.” Hlathi said police investigation of the case eventually paid off in March 2020, making a breakthrough when they sniffed out the pastor from his hiding place in KwaMhlanga. During his arrest, police found him in possession of two stolen cars. They discovered that he had another rape case at Kwaggafontein in December 2019 and he was in fact out on bail. They then presented these facts before the court in opposing his bail application and made the job easier for the state to succeed in having Xaba remanded in custody until his conviction. The provincial police commissioner Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma said what Xaba had done to the victim was cowardly and he has put shame to the high calling.