MAMELODI Sundowns have restored their four points gap at the top of the Dstv Premiership standings. Sundowns were made to sweat in Stellenbosch as they came from 1-0 down to defeat Stellenbosch FC 2-1 on Saturday afternoon. Peter Shalulile's stoppage-time winner moved the defending champions four points clear at the top the league standings while Stellies remain in ninth spot. The hosts opened the scoring through Stanley Dimgba but second-half goals from Gaston Sirino and Shalulile, who has now scored four in three matches against Stellenbosch this season. Sundowns have now gone 25 matches of all competitions this season without a defeat. The league leaders were out of the gates in a flash and felt hard done by not to be awarded a penalty in the second minute of the game. Stellies had their first real opportunity when Dean Van Rooyen beat his man and sent a ball into the box where Stanley Dimgba picked up the loose ball before shooting over the goal. Dimgba made up for his miss as he opened the scoring for the Cape Winelands outfit in the 33rd minute. He gained possession in the box and found the bottom corner of the goal with a left-footed strike from near the penalty spot. Steve Barker's men maintained their narrow lead into the dressing room and had a great chance to double their advantage four minutes into the second half. Ashley Du Preez was the man played into space in the Sundowns box, but he lost his composure at the vital moment and sent his shot well wide. At the other end of the pitch, Masandawana finally found their equaliser in the 51st minute. Shalulile brilliantly controlled the ball in the Stellies box to draw two defenders before squaring for Sirino who calmly placed his shot in the back of the net for 1-1. The two teams cancelled each other out for much of the second-half but Du Preez had a chance to make amends in the 90th minute as Thapelo Morena coughed up possession in a dangerous area, but again he failed to find the target. This offered Sundowns a late chance to launch one final attack of their own and in the fifth minute of stoppage-time Shalulie put them in front.The Namibian international's heading ability is well documented and he proved his quality in the air once more, beating Robyn Johannes to Aubrey Modiba's pin-point cross before nodding the ball home in what proved to be the final play of the match.