IT seems like the latest trend. Criminals stick to their TV sets to see the live soccer club's line-up and if their target is on the starting team, then they pounce on his home to steal valuables. The latest victim is Angel di Maria who's family home was targeted by "huisbraak" thiefs. The houses of Paris St-Germain players - Angel di Maria and Marquinhos - were burgled while the French champions played Nantes on Sunday. Argentina midfielder Di Maria was substituted during the 62nd minute of the 2-1 defeat after being told about the incident. "His family were only aware their home had been burgled after it happened," BBC reports. "Brazil defender Marquinhos said his parents' home had also been burgled, adding that 'nobody was hurt'." Former Manchester United player Di Maria was the victim of an attempted burglary while at his home in Cheshire in 2015. "Last year around this time, Mamadou Sakho's home was burgled player's home. Police then had to launch a serious investigating into the millions of Rands burglary at a Crystal Palace's mansion, once targeted by the infamous Wimbledon Prowler. European police said thieves targeted the footballer's homes sometime between 3pm and 10pm when the players are on live matches. Also last year, the players that were hit by huisbraak, who look for valuables (watches, cars, jewelry or cash) were Italian player Marco Borrielo, and Atlético de Madrid midfielder Thomas Parte. "The thieves specialised in luxury homes, presumably bands from Eastern Europe. They usually act in groups of three, and one of them always stays in the car to guarantee escape. Before committing the robbery, they follow the players from training to their homes and analyse their movements and the surveillance they have in their mansions. Those are the characteristics that were identified by relevant authorities," Spainnews reported. Borrielo, who until 2019 played in the second division in the You Ibiza, said hooded and armed men entered their village of Sant Josep on the island and threatened the people inside, although they were not injured. Days before, and after a first attempt, thieves assaulted the house of Partey, taking money and some valuables. Almost at the same time last year, the thieves sneaked into the house of Casemiro in the luxurious neighborhood of La Moraleja in Madrid, while he played the Madrid derby against Atlético de Madrid in the Wanda Metropolitano.