  THE Gauteng Provincial Government together with Sedibeng
District Municipality commemorated the Sharpeville Massacre today. This year marks 61 years since the brutal killing of
Sharpeville residents who protested against the use of dompass. The Human Rights Month this year is commemorated under the
theme “The Year of Charlotte Maxeke: Promoting Human Rights in the Age of
Covid-19”. The theme pays tribute to the 150th anniversary of the birth
of liberation struggle heroine and human rights campaigner Charlotte Maxeke. The Gauteng Premier David Makhura together with Roads and
Transport MEC Jacob Mamabolo, Emfuleni Local Municipality Mayor Gift Moerane,
Sedibeng District Mayor Lerato Maloka and Sedibeng Speaker Andiswa Mosai laid
wreaths at the cemetery where over 69 victims of the massacre are buried. The entourage later ended up at the Vereeniging City Hall
where Makhura delivered a keynote address. Addressing the packed hall, Makhura said Sharpeville shaped
the democracy of the country and should be honoured. “Every year we come here, I cannot think of the survivors
and victims of Sharpeville represented by Khulumani Support Group. Every year
we meet with them they repeat the same message. That message clicks all the time and that is the message of
reparation,” he said. Makhura added that the message of our constitution is clear,
and they will deliver on it. “The message of the constitution clearly states that we must
honour those who shaped our democracy. We honour you; I salute you, but I know
your message remains the same,” he said. “As we are gathered here, I want to acknowledge that we are
aware governance and service delivery is not going as people expect it in
Emfuleni. We must also account what is it we are doing to fix the government
issues,” he said. The Premier spoke of plans to change and help improve the
service delivery in Emfuleni. He said the provincial government have bought waste removal
trucks to help in delivering services and they are working on road
constructions to solve the pothole headache. Meanwhile Pan African Congress members stormed the wreath
laying ceremony demanding the Gauteng Provincial Government to listen to their
grievances.