Songwriter, rapper and sound engineer, Siphiwe “RocaPhresh” Mbatha (23), wants to be a pioneer in discovering new talent. He doesn’t want to be just the greatest hip hop star but has a bigger vision of hip hop music. “As much as I want to be remembered as the greatest in the hip hop world, my ultimate goal is to become an active pioneer in discovering new talent,” he told SunBuzz. “I also want to bridge the gap between South African hip hop and the world.” His older brother inspired him to sing. The Joburg-born star started writing and recording music at the age of 12. “My brother inspired me to do music. He loved and lived music. As a young boy I was fascinated by the whole process of making a song,” he said. As he grew older he looked up to hip hop artists Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole, The Game and Lil Wayne, as well as pop legend Michael Jackson. ALSO READ |WATCH: JAILED KWAITO STAR SINGS IN PRISON When he went to college he studied sound engineering. “I did sound engineering so I could have a better understanding of how a studio works as well as everything else in my surroundings.” He’s performed on TV serveral times during national lockdown. To date, he’s released two mixtapes. “In 2019 I released Extra Connoisseur and last year I released RocWeiler Vol.1. I’ve also done a couple of songs with DJ Switch, which were featured in his 2020 EP, Reset,” he said. “Both these songs are about myself and my background, as well as the experiences I’ve had growing up,” he said. “I tend to focus on telling my story. Otherwise, from time to time I’d make a commercial song.” He described his music as an “attempt to fuse the past and current life events”. RocaPhresh, along with R.E.X., is a member of the band Antidote. “As an up-and-coming artist, I’m proud to mention that I’ve been able to create my own recording studio and label known as Child’s Play Entertainment,” he said. “Now I’m on a mission to grow my brand so it can be known internationally.” His music is available on all digital platforms.