THERE is a Zulu phrase that says “Icala aliboli”, loosely translated as “a case never gets old”. Lucky Maduane (52) from Soshanguve, Tshwane learnt this the hard way. He was sentenced on Thursday, 4 March for a crime he committed in 1999. The North Gauteng High Court sentenced Lucky to life imprisonment for the murder of his girlfriend, Florah Mahlo (25). Lucky was 31 years old when he killed his lover. It was on 3 September 1999 when the incident happened while the couple was at Florah’s place. On that fateful night, neighbours heard screams coming from Florah’s house. In the morning when the neighbours saw Lucky, they enquired about the screaming and the whereabouts of Florah. Lucky told them that she was visiting relatives in Joburg. The following year, 2000, Lucky was detained in Bavianspoort Maximum Prison where he was serving a 12-year sentence for attempted murder in another case. It was in prison where he was haunted by Florah’s spirit. He then called his sister and confessed to her. He explained that on 3 September 1999, he strangled Florah until she died and dragged her to the nearby bush where he burnt her body. He revealed that the following day, he went to where he burnt the body and discovered that it was not completely burnt. He then decided to chop the body in half. He chopped the bottom part and threw it in the nearby drain and then buried the remaining parts. In 2007, he asked to meet with Florah’s mother so he could confess but he ended up not doing so. In June 2019, when he was out of prison, a fight broke out between Lucky and his niece. His sister, who he had confessed to, was called to calm the situation. When the sister arrived, she discovered that Lucky was still very emotional and uncontrollably angry. The sister called a friend and when the friend arrived, she asked why Lucky was always fighting. Lucky asked them to switch off their phones before he could speak. The sister pretended to have switched off her phone but she did not. She used it to record the whole confession. Lucky told them that he was stressed because since Florah passed away, she had been troubling him. He said he wanted to take them to where he killed her. After pointing out the places and confessing to his sister and her friend, he requested to meet with Florah’s mother to confess to her as well. Florah’s mother arrived the following day and Lucky confessed. He showed Florah’s mum where he killed Florah. Lucky was arrested a few days later. The court believed that Lucky was indeed haunted by the spirit of the deceased because he had successfully evaded justice for 19 years. Advocate Dorah Ngobeni asked the court to impose the minimum prescribed sentence of life imprisonment because the murder was carefully planned and he had clear intentions to kill the deceased. NPA regional spokeswoman Lumka Mahanjana said the National Prosecuting Authority welcomes the sentence.