A pastor was sentenced to an effective 20 years' imprisonment in the Witbank Regional Court in Mpumalanga on Friday for raping a woman and robbing her of her clothes. Magistrate JJ Combrink sentenced Chris Derrick Gabisani Xaba to 10 years for rape, and 15 years for the robbery charge. Combrink ordered that five years of the 15-year sentence must run concurrently with the 10-year sentence. He said it was sad that the 46-year-old Xaba did not show remorse during the trial. Xaba occasionally cried silently during the court proceedings. “It is clear that you planned this crime and there are therefore no reasons why this court should deviate from the prescribed minimum sentence,” said Combrink before imposing the sentence. “Rape victims are hurt permanently. Many who have suffered as a result of rape suffer again when they have to go to court. The fact that the complainant did not sustain physical injuries [during the ordeal] does not mean the sentence must be reduced.” Xaba is a pastor at a charismatic church in Vlaaklaagte Village near KwaMhlanga. The incident happened in December 2019 in a secluded bush at a farm near Witbank, according to provincial police spokesperson Brigadier Leonard Hlathi. He said Xaba gave a 39-year-old hitchhiking woman a lift to Mbombela.  Xaba then drove to a secluded spot where he drew out a firearm along the way and started, "... behaving violently against the helpless woman”, said Hlathi. “He further threatened to kill her if she resisted cooperating with his orders. He brutally raped the victim before robbing her of her personal belongings, including her clothes. He then fired a gunshot and left her naked and stranded.”  Presenting factors in mitigation of sentence in the same court earlier on Friday, Xaba’s defence lawyer Sherman Nkuna told the court that a long jail term would not be a just punishment for his client.  He said Xaba, a married father of four children, was the breadwinner in his family and earned his income from conducting religious services.  “The object of sentencing is not to satisfy public opinion,” said Nkuna.  “The court must show mercy. His family will suffer. It remains the duty of the court to impose an appropriate sentence even if the sentence does not satisfy the public.”  Prosecutor Maureen Nkosi told the court that Xaba robbed his victim of a cellphone and R7 000 cash that she wanted to use to buy clothes and food for her children.  She said Xaba raped the victim, drove his car away and threw her clothes out the window one by one, making her run behind the car and pick up the clothes.  “The kids waited for their mother to buy clothes and food for them, but that did not happen,” said Nkosi.  While sentencing proceedings were underway, a group of about 10 women protested outside the court and waved placards bearing words that condemned rape and gender-based violence. https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/mpumalanga-pastor-gets-20-years-for-raping-robbing-hitchhiker-20210319 