THE Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality has offered a R20 000 reward for anyone with information to assist in arresting people who damaged and stole a speed camera on the North East Express Way in East London. BCM spokesperson Samkelo Ngwenya said the incident took place on Wednesday night. Ngwenya said the camera was installed “to prevent speed related accidents, save lives and to decrease the speed of motorists that are approaching the town”. He said in the past six months since the camera was installed, it “performed extremely well and the average speed came down from well over 90kph to below the speed limit of 60kph”. Ngwenya said the issue of cable theft was affecting traffic operations. “Currently, the telephones are completely dead at Braelyn Traffic Department due to another cable theft which took place last night (Thursday) after the cable was repaired from the first incident. This is causing a strain for law enforcement behind traffic, the mechanical workshop, scientific services behind Frere Hospital and Gompo offices. “The theft has affected the eNatis as it is linked to the Telkom line,” said Ngwenya. He said the provincial and national government were in the process of assisting with the installation of 3g cards in order to get the eNatis system working. “The technicians are working on the Telkom lines and have estimated that the lines will possibly be fixed by 24 March 2021, but the technicians are hampered by poor weather conditions and load shedding,” said Ngwenya. “Cable theft is a challenge and the department is in the process of looking to install FLLA lines (Fixed Line LookAlike), which do not rely on copper cables. This will allow our essential offices to render services to the public. “Applicants who want to make an appointment for the renewals of a driving licence or PrDP may come to the DLTC to make the appointments. “Applicants applying for a learner’s licence and driver’s licence test may do so if they have an optometrist report not older than three months. “Applicants who wish to apply for a temporary licence may also do so provided that they are in possession of a optometrist report not older than three months,” said Ngwenya.