AMAZULU defender Tapelo Xoki is grateful to be playing football again. Xoki was told by doctors that he may never play football again after he collided with then Platinum Stars captain Vuyo Mere during a 1-1 Premiership draw at the King Zwelithini Stadium in September 2017. The defender’s injury affected his kidneys, which led to the club at the time deciding that the 22-year-old may not play soccer again in the 2017-18 season, as there were complications. Now the 25-year-old Xoki said it was a difficult time for him, but credited his sister for helping him not to lose hope. Two months later, Xoki was back in AmaZulu’s team as the club returned in the PSL top flight after buying the PSL status of Thanda Royal Zulu status. “It was a huge blockage for me to come back from,” said Xoki. “Sometimes I think about it. Staying in hospital that long, it is still in my head. But I’ve managed to get past it. I got myself someone to talk to, someone to help me get along the journey of football because it was something that demanded a lot mentally.” Xoki, now a long standing member of Usuthu, has not looked back. On Monday he begged the DStv Premiership Goal of the Month award for January and February, joined by his coach Benni McCarthy on the podium who scooped Coach of the Month award in the same period. Mamelodi Sundowns striker Peter Shalulile was the Player of the Month. Xoki’s goal came when he curled a superb free kick in the referee’s optional time against Bloemfontein Celtic at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on 2 February. Another individual Xoki has credited to helping him to be where is today is his mentor and former AmaZulu striker, George Dearnaley. Dearnaley brought Xoki to AmaZulu at the beginning of the 2014-15 season from Old Mutual Academy in Cape Town when he was Usuthu’s scout. Xoki is hoping to emulate him by winning a trophy for Usuthu, who last won silverware in 1992 when Dearnaley scored in a 3-1 victory over Kaizer Chiefs in the Coca-Coca Cup final at FNB Stadium. “For me it will mean a lot to win something with the club,” added Xoki.