THE GAME of dice in the tavern turned into a brawl. And when one of the gamblers called on his cop relative to help, the cop allegedly pulled out his gun and started shooting. HE HAS NOW BEEN ARRESTED FOR THE MURDER OF THREE YOUNG MEN AND THE ATTEMPTED MURDER OF ANOTHER. According to a source, who didn’t want to be named, the three young men from Moteti village in Dennilton, Limpopo, aged between 20 and 35, were gambling on Sunday with other people when an argument started. She said one of the men threatened to shoot the gamblers. “The man, known in the area as a troubled person, said he wasn’t afraid of anyone,” said the witness. The woman said the man went to fetch his relative, a cop. “When they came back the gamblers told the cop they were not scared of him,” the woman told Daily Sun. “A fight broke out and the cop pulled out his firearm and allegedly shot a young man and his two friends. “It’s sad that the two other men were allegedly shot simply because they were there.” Spokeswoman Ndileko Cola said Ipid is investigating three counts of murder and one of attempted murder. She said according to information, the crime intelligence unit constable received a tip-off that certain people from Tshwane would arrive in Dennilton on Sunday. The officer allegedly sought the necessary approval from the police comma “The officer allegedly went to the tavern with his niece, and an argument ensued between to act on the tip-off and was advised to get his colleague to go with him. But his colleague couldn’t join him. Wen the officer and other people in the tavern,” said Cola. “The cop allegedly fatally shot three people while the fourth one sustained serious injuries and is in hospital.” Cola said they arranged for the post mortem to be done by today, 31 March. Leader of Bolsheviks Party of South Africa, Seun Mokgotji said they were shocked by the incident. He said they firmly stood with the police in fighting criminal elements. “It’s our belief that the police should be able to defend themselves against hardened criminals,” said Mokgotji. “Our police shouldn’t be afraid to do their work freely. “They shouldn’t tiptoe around criminals because criminals won’t think twice about shooting them. “Let’s empower our police while guarding against police brutality. “We hope Ipid will get to the bottom of this incident.”