OVER the years, Mamelodi Sundowns have been known as one team that is not afraid to break the bank to sign players. In 2016, the club had one of the best squads that went on to win the Caf Champions League for the first time in the clubs' history. The following year (2017), they defeated TP Mazembe 1-0 to win their first Caf Super Cup. This time around, coach Manqoba Mngqithi believes they have a slightly better squad than the Caf Champions League-winning side, which featured the most dangerous attack of "CBD" combination of Leonardo Castro‚ Khama Billiat and Keagan Dolly. Since then, there have been changes as the trio of CBD is no longer at the club including coach Pitso Mosimane who was in charge. However, they still have the best players from veteran goalkeeper Denis Onyango, Gaston Sirino, Themba Zwane, Peter Shalulile, and Kermit Erasmus, to mention few. Mngqithi said they have more depth this time than in 2016. He said: "We have had much improvement in our attacking options. I think we got depth in that space. But if you look at the team of 2016 where we had Keagan (Dolly), Percy (Tau), Khama (Billiat), (Leonardo (Castro), you would still say that attack was very potent. "But I think in many positions this time around we have sufficient cover that gives you hope that no matter what happens you can still be able to play a match without others." On Sunday, Downs were held to a 1-1 draw by Black Leopards. In that match, they did not have the service of Shalulile, who was suspended and injured Erasmus. Mgqithi says the other attacking players will need to show up in the absence of others. He stated: "Reality now says when you have lost Kermit, and you do not have Peter, things are not the same. And in the past, when you did not have Castro, you had Khama. When you did not have Khama, you would have Percy. "Maybe that is where you would always say that the other guys (Mauricio) Affonso are coming from a long-term injury. We want him to step in quickly. Gift Motupa is showing some very good signs. We expect him to come in quickly, Keletso (Makgalwa) tries, but he is still young. He is bound to make mistakes here and there. "But one is content with the group we have, they are working very hard, good team spirit and commitment which is one thing you can command the most and say everybody is putting a shoulder to make sure that the team succeeds."  