AmaZulu FC will face off with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) in the DStv Premiership match at the Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3:30 pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Usuthu extended their unbeaten run to nine matches in the league when they defeated Chippa United 1-0 away on March 10 and it was also their third successive win.Therefore, the KwaZulu-Natal giants are placed sixth on the league standings - three points behind fourth-placed SuperSport United, but the former have a game in hand.Benni McCarthy, the AmaZulu head coach, praised his charges for showing courage against Chippa while playing under difficult conditions.“We weren’t allowed to do what we wanted to do, because the pitch was just horrendous. So yeah, so it was difficult. It’s different, which made it a bit difficult for us," McCarthy said."But you know, what? The character, the personalities that the player shows, and we managed to get three points and for me. That’s all that matters. I can’t ask for more from the players.”Meanwhile, Tshakhuma returned to winning ways when they defeated Black Leopards 2-0 in the Nedbank Cup game last weekend after losing 2-1 to Golden Arrows in a league game on 10 March.Vhadau Vha Damani find themselves placed 14th on the league standings - two points above 15th-placed Maritzburg United as the battle to avoid relegation from the top flight league continues.David Mathebula, the Tshakhuma assistant coach, says the team is getting better with each game with Vhadau Vha Damani having lost just one of their last four league games."I’m very happy for the players and the technical team. Thanks to the [new] management too, the change there has played a major role [in improved results]," Mathebula said."You can see on the field of play the performance is getting better with each game. We are coming back from a bad situation in our team and getting better."it is showing in our results in the league and the Nedbank Cup, where we are now in a semifinal.” -SuperSport