SOUTH African football fans are up in arms accusing Brighton & Hove Albion coach Graham Potter of killing Percy Tau's confidence by benching the 26-year-old attacking-midfielder. Percy was again on the bench when The Seagulls emphatically beat Newcastle 3-0 at the Falmer Stadium on Saturday. The last time Tau played for Brighton was back on 16 January when he came on as substitute for 17 minutes in their 1-0 win against Leeds United. From Anderlecht where he was on loan and played regularly, the Witbank-born Bafana Bafana star is now a bench warmer. Fans vent their frustrations on social media after Brighton's win on Saturday, with mixed emotions expressed. Oscar Hamese argues that Brighton are turning Tau into a bench warmer and "is an unforgivable deed". "They deserve nothing but relegation," he strongly added. "Tau has just arrive in the EPL... coming from Union, Club Brugge & Anderletch on loan respectively. He was born in 1994, age is still on his side - 1st season in Albion, he will be playing soon!" Nkosinathi Mhlab responded: "You have to relax. Graham Potter is trying to drift away from relegation, he can't take any chances with players who haven't proven themselves playing in the EPL. By the way, do you think Tau is better than Leandro Trossard, Mensah Welbeck or even Neal Maupay?" Nkombi Prince said Tau needs to learn EPL more "and rushing him might kill him, also, people don't want to understand that. "The problem that we have here is that people only started to watch EPL after Tau joined Brighton. "Usually in the Premier League you can't be signed in January then suddenly you're starting games unless you're a very special player." In a reply, another replied that the Premier League is different from the Belgian Pro League. "How many stars have failed to make the grade but went on to excel in other Leagues?  Memphis Deepay, Iago Aspas, Jerome Boateng, Pique, Thauvin, Paulinho, Cuadrado etc. Percy should secure a move away from Brighton." Jojo Ka Sithole wrote: "Would you say the same about Ferran Torres who's been benched by Pep at Man City? No, look at what he did with a few of his players on their debut seasons and look at them now. Relax Tau will come good and you'll thank the coach." However, Village Attorney, responds: "Age is not on his side. Players get their best years at 23-26. Tau is about to be 27 and wasting his best years on the bench, once he hits 30 it's game over. He needs to leave Brighton, even if it means playing for a championship side, or lower league." Social media activist Shakes Rampedi put up his points: "Tau's contract at Brighton expires at the end of next season. Two options for me: Let him go at the end of this season and not risk losing him for free next season or extend his contract and have him involved more next season. It will be interesting." Thandile Eyerii believes Tau has a better record than Brighton: "Tau has played more Champions League matches than Brighton, so he should go, nje." Percy Tau was an unused substitute again yesterday. pic.twitter.com/S6S2coYocA  Dear Brighton - please #FreePercyTauU recalled a player who was playing week in and week out just to keep him on the bench? ?? Come on man, Percy Tau deserves better !! pic.twitter.com/dhhoXKO8TM  Percy Tau's contract at Brighton expires at the end of next season2 options for me;- Let him go at the end of the this season and not risk losing him for free next season- Extend his contract and have him involved more next seasonIt will be interesting#BHANEW pic.twitter.com/cX6SFOyDpk  Graham Potter will seriously drag Brighton into relegation zone. This thing is simple - play Percy Tau as a second striker with Danny Welbeck because the latter is mobile. Potter keeps on fielding Maupay who runs like a headless chicken. ??????   