OVER the years, Mamelodi Sundowns have never been afraid to break the bank to sign players. In 2016, the club had one of the best squads in Mzansi that went on to win the Caf Champions League for the first time in the club’s history. The following year (2017), they defeated TP Mazembe 1-0 to win their first Caf Super Cup. This time around, coach Manqoba Mngqithi believes they have a slightly better squad than the Caf Champions League winning squad, which featured the dangerous attack of “CBD” the combination of Leonardo Castro‚ Khama Billiat and Keagan Dolly. Since then, there have been changes as the trio of CBD are no longer at the club with coach Pitso Mosimane who was in charge. But they still have some of the best players in the PSL from veteran goalkeeper Denis Onyango, Gaston Sirino, Themba Zwane, Peter Shalulile and Kermit Erasmus, to mention a few. He said: “We have had much improved attacking options. But if you look at the team of 2016, where we had Keagan, Percy, Khama, Leonardo, you would still say that attack was very potent. “But I think in many positions this time we have sufficient cover. That gives you hope that no matter what happens you can still be able to play a match without (missing) other players.” On Sunday, Downs were held to a 1-1 draw by Black Leopards. In that match, they did not have the service of Peter Shalulile, who was suspended and injured Kermit Erasmus. Mngqithi said the other attacking players will need to show up in the absence of others. He stated: “Reality now says when you have lost Kermit, and do not have Peter, things are not the same. And in the past, when you did not have Castro, you had Khama. When you did not have Khama, you would have Percy. “Maybe, that is where you would always say the other guys are coming back. (Mauricio) Affonso is coming from a long-term injury. We want him to step in quickly. Gift Motupa is showing some very good signs. “We expect him to come in quickly, Keletso (Makgalwa) tries, but he is still young. He is bound to make mistakes. “But one is content with the group we have ad they are working hard, Ther’s team spirit, commitment and everybody is putting effort to make sure the team succeeds.”