MAMELODI Sundowns coach Manqoba Mngqithi remains confident they can surpass their record of 71 points in the DStv Premiership. Sundowns set the 71 points record in the 2015-16 season. After 18 matches this season, Sundowns are the only team that has not tasted a defeat. They were the first team on Sunday to reach the 40 points mark after their shock 1-1 draw at home against bottom side Black Leopards. Having said last November they are aiming to eclipse their record of 71 points this season, Mngqithi says this is still possible. “If you look at the number of points that are still available and when it's still mathematically possible, you always hope for it," Mngqithi. “But we not always chasing records we would love to achieve something better than what we have achieved in the past.” Mngqithi stressed they want to win their 11th league title. He said: "More than anything else we want to win the league, we want to be ahead of everybody else. To be honest, the boys have done well thus far, we cannot fault them. But the truth of the matter is we can still do better than what we have done." The 49-years-old mentor, who will be turning 50 next month, is hoping the international break will give his players renewed energy after a punishing schedule in recent months. However, not all of Sundowns' players will be on the break as 12 of their star players including Peter Shalulile, Ricardo Goss and Themba Zwane will be on national team duties for their various countries. “The level of sharpness from some of our key players (during the Leopards match) was not at the level that one would have expected. “But the truth of the matter is maybe this break has come in handy for most of our players although some of our players will be going into the national team duties. From February to now we have played far too many matches.” Sundowns will return to action on 2 April with an away Caf Champions League fixture against Al Hilal in Omdurman, Khartoum State, Sudan. Sundowns have already secured their spot in the Champions League's quarterfinals, having won all four matches played so far in the group stage. 