PATRICE Motsepe has been unofficially declared the Confederation of African Football (Caf) president-elect. It is not a matter of if, but when the Mamelodi Sundowns boss will ascend the Caf throne, waiting for the formalities at the Caf congress in Rabat, Morocco, on Friday. Motsepe is expected to be elected the eighth Caf president unopposed after the three other candidates; Augustin Senghor, Jacques Anouma and Ahmed Yahya withdrew from the race. The four are now united, pursuing a common goal: to turn around African football. They met in Nouakchott, Mauritania at the weekend where they signed an agreement, in the presence of Fifa boss Gianni Infantino, that will see them work together with Motsepe as president. Senghor and Anouma will serve as vice-presidents while Yahya will assume the role of advisor to the president. “African football needs collective wisdom, but also the exceptional talent and wisdom of every president of every country and every member association. That’s what gives me confidence,” said Motsepe. “Our objective must be that one of the countries will win the World Cup. I think it will happen soon. The talent is there. Continuous investment in youth and academies and making competitions globally competitive will be key. We do need the private sector to get involved with financial resources.” Yahya, the president of Mauritania Football Federation, said: “I had no problem sitting down at the table with my candidate friends to discuss a common agenda. No one forced it on us. Each of us is autonomous. But it was a good initiative, as it was the solution to work together For Anouma, ex-president of the Ivorian Football Federation, the new partnership offers an opportunity for unity. “It’s a decision that was discussed between the four of us, and the position from the start was to ensure that we go for unity in this election because we were already tired of everything said about Caf. This unity was built around a common programme that we all wanted. I fully support this initiative and encourage it.” Senghor concluded: “I would like to thank you for having accepted that I am one of yours. We will be behind the chosen one, Patrice, to help him succeed, not for him, but all of African football.”