SWALLOWS FC coach Brandon Truter will be scratching his head trying to figure out where the goals will be coming from in their next two DStv Premiership matches. The Dube Birds will be without their top marksman Ruzaigh Gamildien through suspension. The striker, who is Swallows’s top goalscorer this season with 12 goals, was sent off in the last match against Chippa United at the weekend. He lost his head in a moment of madness as the Birds relinquished a two-goal lead to eventually play out a 2-2 draw against the Chilli Boys. Gamildien’s suspension comes just after he had rediscovered his scoring touch, having struggled for goals in recent weeks. This coincided with the Soweto outfit’s slight dip in form as they struggled to maintain the fine form they had shown in the early stages of the season. Truter’s charges were second in the Premiership standings at one point, going the entire first round unbeaten. But as the goals began to dry up for their talisman Gamildien, the Birds found the going a bit tougher. And now Truter must find another solution as far as goals are concerned with the Bafana Bafana striker Gamildien out for two matches. “It was a deserved red card and now we will be without him for two matches,” bemoaned Truter. “It will be tough without him in the next two matches. He has been our main source of goals so far this season. “He had just overcome his dip in form and now we will have to see what we do in his absence. But we will have to work around this and see if we can’t find other options. “I’m not going to argue the red card issue. He should not have reacted the way he did. “But it’s a game of emotions. He lost his head a bit there, we had just conceded a goal so that did not help but football is an emotional game.” Truter, whose side are currently sixth on the standings with 32 points from 19 matches, have a welcome two-week break before their next match due to the Fifa international break. The former Richards Bay coach will have enough time to iron out the chinks before they face Golden Arrows after the international break.