WHEN she knocks off from her job as a teacher, she goes off to do some learning of her own as a thwasa. Vuyelwa Ngemntu has been teaching English and Life Orientation for over 10 years. Speaking to Daily Sun at her school in the Vaal, south of Joburg, the 35-year-old shared how she discovered she had a calling. “I had dreams which scared me at times. I’d see things before they happened,” she said. “I had dreams which showed me my journey, so I consulted people and discovered I had a calling.” Uzanemvula, Vuyelwa’s thwasa name, was in denial before she went to thwasa. “It was hard for me to understand because I grew up in a church-based family. “The calling didn’t make sense. It’s something that didn’t exist in my family. “I saw my father’s death before it happened, and I was told I needed to take this journey after he died. “It was difficult to embrace this calling because I was in pain and scared.” Transitioning from a “coconut teacher” loved by her pupils to thwasa made the mother of two appreciate her calling. “I’m lucky the community understands the calling,” she said. “I go to school with my beads and sangoma attire and the kids love it.” Some pupils hid their calling but embraced it when she undertook hers. “A lot of kids are starting to come out and only I have the experience and understanding to support them,” she said. “It might seem like I’m recruiting them to do what I’m doing, but it’s not like that. “For me it’s a plus that someone understands their spiritual gift.” Vuyelwa will have a three-day graduation ceremony on 16 April. A pupil said they didn’t have a problem being taught by a sangoma. “This is the first time we’ve seen this. I’ve never seen a teaching sangoma and this fascinates many of us,” she said. Moipone Malema, a colleague of Ngemntu, said she believes each person is born with unique gifts. “I salute Ngemntu for responding to this calling. “Being a modern woman and responding to such is bravery. “This taught me how some educated and modern women still value their roots. “Vee is a very brave, strong woman.”