MAMELODI Sundowns snipers – Peter Shalulile, Themba Zwane and Mothobi Mvala – are back from their respective national team duties, but they will have no time to rest. In fact, Zwane and Mvala might as well have stayed in Omdurman, Sudan where their club will play their Caf Champions League match against Al Hilal at the Blue jewel stadium, Omdurman. This is the city where Bafana Bafana saw their 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) go up in smoke when they lost 2-0 to Sudan in their final qualifier match. Will the Brazilians pay revenge on behalf of Bafana? It depends on the form of Sundowns players who are yet to lose a match since the start of this season under the three coaches – Manqoba Mngqithi, Rhulani Mokwena and Steve Komphela. Shalulile was on target twice against Guinea in Namibia’s 2-1 penultimate Afcon 2022 qualifier at the Sam Nujoma Stadium, Windhoek last week. But Sundowns supporters will also be on the lookout for Gaston Sirino who has been an important weapon for the Brazilians after ending his stunt earlier in the season where he wanted to leave to join Al Ahly. “We are doing well. I am enjoying my football and we are getting the results. Everything is good because everyone realises that we are on the right path, there is still a long way to go but if we continue in this way we will achieve our objectives,” said Sirino. The diminutive attacker has played 15 games in all competitions and grabbed four goals for himself. Sirino’s efforts have not gone unnoticed and he has even earned himself a nomination for Supporters’ Player of the Month for February. With the Champions League, Nedbank Cup, where they still have to play Orlando Pirates at home on 15 April, and the DStv Premiership to compete for, it will be a really hectic schedule for the Brazilians. “We have to take care of ourselves in the best way we can so that we can win all the titles that we are playing for. We have the necessary squad to do so... winning is part of our DNA, so we must go out and make sure that we bring in the trophies like we have been doing all these years,” said Sirino.