CONGRATULATORY messages have been pouring in for new elected Confederation of African Football (Caf) president Patrice Motsepe. On Friday, Motsepe became Caf president when the South African ran unopposed in elections in Morocco. Messages have been coming all across Africa from Cosafa regions, SA Sports minister Nathi Mthethwa, DStv Premiership clubs and political parties. Fifa President Gianni Infantino has stressed the importance of “team spirit” to project African football to the top of the world in his address to the 43rd CAF Ordinary and Elective General Assembly that took place today in Rabat. Infantino said: "The time for talking has stopped. We must move on, and we must move on as a team: as a CAF team and a FIFA team that also includes all the confederations and associations from all over the world. You are CAF. You are FIFA.” "I want to wish all the very best for the next four years, to the new leading team of CAF, of African football, and to Patrice Motsepe, to all those who have been involved, to Augustin, Ahmed, Jacques and everyone. I want to assure you that FIFA is not at your side. FIFA is together with you.” “We know the values of football, but the most important value is team spirit. This is the team spirit that we have witnessed these days in Africa”. Mthethwa joined football followers in the continent in congratulating Motsepe, on his appointment. In a statement released on Friday afternoon Mthethwa said: “Today’s news out of the Moroccan Capital of Rabat, whilst expected, is further confirmation of the high esteem enjoyed by South African Football in the community of Football nations "Following so closely after the successful hosting of the 2010 FIFA World Cup by South Africa, Mr Motsepe’s election as the 8th CAF President constitutes a welcome vote of confidence in our country by the 54-nation strong General Assembly. Mthethwa added: “Congratulations to all those involved in driving such a successful campaign. On our part, as government, we will provide all the support required to make the term of our country’s first CAF President a rewarding and productive experience." Botswana Football Association said: "The Botswana Football Association (BFA) would like to congratulate Dr. Patrice Motsepe for being elected as the new CAF President.  Let's make African football great again." Economic Freedom Fighters also released a statement: EFF Statement On The Election Of Dr Patrice Motsepe As CAF President pic.twitter.com/sKSbDvWf7I Premier Soccer League clubs said: Mamelodi Sundowns sends its congratulations & best wishes to Dr. Patrice Motsepe after being elected CAF President ?? Mamelodi Sundowns supports you in all your endeavours, The Sky is the Limit! ??#Sundowns pic.twitter.com/0r0Rbo98UQ  Congratulations to the new CAF PresidentKaizer Chiefs would like to congratulate a son of the soil, a child of the continent and a fellow football administrator. Well done on this big achievement. We look forward to working with you,and taking African football to the next level pic.twitter.com/3IRWS67eSx  SuperSport United FC would like to congratulate Dr. Patrice Motsepe for being elected as the new CAF President ?? ????A milestone for all South Africans and we wish you all the best in your new position ?? pic.twitter.com/4g81VPivGs  Congratulations to DR Patrice Motsepe, our new CAF President.African football is in perfect hands.#SwallowsFC pic.twitter.com/0q13sOGTTN  Egyptian giants Al Ahly are also among the football clubs that congratulated Motsepe. Congratulations to our dear friend Dr. Patrice Motsepe and all our best wishes in the coming future. @CAF_Online ?? pic.twitter.com/jEeL0XXviy  Huge congratulations to Patrice Motsepe on his new role as president of CAF! @CAF_Online #PatriceMotsepe #CAF #Africa pic.twitter.com/oYbaN70DZs 