NEW Fight Club gym franchise owner, Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni, has committed to leave Malawian Byson Gwayani gasping for air when he’s done with him on Saturday. The charismatic fighter, who suffered a shock stoppage loss to Prince Dlomo last October at the Klipspruit Sport Centre, Soweto, will lock horns with the Malawian boxer on an international lightweight bout over 10 rounds, organised by the TLB Boxing Promotions. The fight, set for Graceland Casino in Secunda, will be held in conjunction with the Mpumalanga department of sport. Ndongeni has vowed that this is a “must win” for him, as “there’s a lot at stake”. The former IBO and World Boxing Federation (WBF) lightweight champion will be returning to the ring since he rejoined his former trainer, Mzamo “Chief” Njekanye. “Now that I own a gym, there is no way that I’m prepared to lose a fight,” he said. “People must see that they are not making a mistake joining a gym of a loser. “There’s a lot at stake, and I have to win the people’s confidence by clinching this one.”  At this stage, Ndongeni is yet to lure boxing at his gym, which is based in Midrand, Joburg. However, he said he’s had a lot of promises from promoters who plan to use his gym. “Fight Club is my baby, a franchise that I respect very much,” he said. “Professional boxers have promised to join the gym. In no time I will have my own team of boxers. It’s enough that we have been swallowed by a lot of white promoters and trainers.” He vows that he will not stop fighting anytime soon: “I still have a lot to offer in boxing.” “The plan is to win this fight and I need to get back my confidence after last year’s defeat. “I need to win it with everything that I have.” He said he was excited to be coming back from “that very bad loss”. “It’s good to come back,” he said. “I know I’m going to win. It was unfortunate that I lost my last fight. I’m grateful to be part of this tournament. I know what is supposed to be done for boxers. Chief has always been a good trainer, hence I returned to him. Now it’s easy to work with Chief. “I can go to East London and he can come to Joburg, where I am based now.” While he is confident about winning this fight, Ndongeni did admit, though, that he does not know much about his opponent except what he saw his fights from a few clips he watched.