A handful of members of the ANC in the Western Cape on
Tuesday gathered on the steps of eNCA's Cape Town office, protesting against TV
journalist Lindsay Dentlinger and accusing her of racism. ANC Western Cape convenor Lerumo Kalako charged that
Dentlinger had displayed "discrimination and a racist attitude" in
Parliament following the Budget speech and had "forced only black MPs...
to [put on] their masks" while allowing white parliamentarians to be
interviewed without it. Dentlinger, in an interview on the news channel on Monday
night, said the recordings in a montage which went viral on social media, were
made between October 2020 and last week, in different locations. According to her, it was an oversight on her part not to ask
FF Plus leader Pieter Groenewald to wear a mask as he was her first interviewee
and that he had not been wearing one before the interview. She said she had erred in not following company policy at
that time, but had been reminded when United Democratic Movement (UDM)
parliamentarian Nqabayomzi Kwankwa was coming down the steps wearing his mask
to ask him to keep it on. Dentlinger said she had apologised to both Kwankwa and the
IFP's Mkhuleko Hlengwa - another politician shown in the video clips - saying
that she didn't mean to disrespect them and had been "called out to
acknowledge my unconscious bias". "I felt awful from how this is perceived and what the
country believes to be a true reflection of who I am as a journalist. I do
acknowledge how it is portrayed. I am being portrayed as not speaking to any
black unless he is wearing a mask." Last week, the DA's Geordin Hill-Lewis came out in defence
of Dentlinger, tweeting a thread highlighting other politicians she had
interviewed - he posted images on the thread showing her interviewing black
politicians without masks on and one of himself where he says she had asked him
to keep his mask on. At the protest, Kalako said eNCA must "take
action". "We reject its flimsy justification and even the apology
of the journalist itself is wishy-washy," he said. eNCA management last week responded to the furore after
meeting with Dentlinger, concluding that her conduct "was not racially
motivated or with malicious intent". In the interview on Monday, eNCA's managing director Norman
Munzhelele said the company "had to look at all the facts and be able to
make a determination". He said the statement issued following the furore
"could have been better" and that their investigation could have been
finalised "quicker and be able to issue a statement". The ANC planned "anti-racism pickets" across the
country on Tuesday, with deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte leading the
protest in Johannesburg. It issued a list of demands to eNCA, including that it
withdraw the "offensive statement in which they defended Dentlinger";
that it issue an unconditional apology to all South Africans for the "pain
and hurt that Dentlinger and eNCA have caused" and that the news channel
send its journalists and management for human rights training to "learn
the values of equality and non-racialism". It gave the company two weeks to respond to its memorandum. Cosatu spokesperson Sizwe Pamla said eNCA "needs to
reflect and reconsider its current position on the matter". "There is racial discrimination when different rules
and standards are applied to people who differ by race. Her failure to treat
black politicians the same way as white politicians is racist and
inexcusable," Pamla said. "This country has a deep problem of racism and many
people paid the ultimate price fighting white supremacy. Racists should not be
overindulged if we are to eliminate this scourge." SOURCE: NEWS24