IN A turn of events, former Buffalo City Metro CFO Vincent Pillay has turned state witness in the case involving 10 Eastern Cape politicians. The accused, who are current and former high profile politicians, alongside two businesspeople, are allegedly accused of swindling R10 million under the pretence that the money was for funeral arrangements when former president Nelson Mandela died in 2013. All the accused are known to the Daily Sun. Pillay joins a couple of businesspeople who turned state witness when the case was initially withdrawn in 2014. Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane in 2017 released a damning report that found Pillay in violation of the provision of the municipal chain management regulations and the supply chain management policy of Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality when the metro paid out R6 million for the transportation of mourners after Mandela died. Pillay was then suspended. In court on Friday, the defence’s representative, dismayed at the announcement that Pillay turned state witness, raised that it did not know Pillay had turned witness, and wanted the state to be aware it was representing Pillay in another civil legal case. “We are advised Mr Pillay is a state witness. We represent Mr Pillay in a civil matter. We would like to consult with him. We would like to have access to him. We will need to consult with him,” said the legal representative. There was a consensus that it will not be in conflict of interest for Pillay to consult with this case’s legal representation in relation to his civil case. It was not clear whether Pillay’s civil case relates to the the criminal case or whether the civil case was involving his suspension as BCM chief financial officer, emanating from Mkhwebane’s report. The other bigwig in the case is former health MEC Sindiswa Gomba, who was recently fired by Premier Oscar Mabuyane because of her involvement in this criminal case. Outside court, Gomba told journalists: “I am not worried.” Gomba said it was not easy to engage on matters before the court. “It is very difficult to talk about something inside a court of law,” she said. She did not answer how she would plead when the matter goes to trial or why she was not challenging her axing as health MEC. The state said it has furnished the defence representatives with the dockets and it was ready to proceed with its case in the high court. A date was set for 11 May this year where a high court date will be set. Unusually, journalists had to get access from the Department of Justice and Constitutional Development. Inside court, the accused had to use two rows of the four branches, with some legal representatives sitting in the accused dock. No member of the public was allowed inside the court and some journalists who had not applied for accreditation were barred from entering.