THERE were tears as the Red Ants demolished hundreds of shacks in Waterworks squatter camp near Westonaria yesterday. And the residents burnt tyres and blocked the roads in an attempt to stop the Red Ants and cops from entering the area. All hell broke loose when a group of men threw stones at police vehicles. Police used rubber bullets and water cannons to disperse the angry crowd and women and children could be heard crying from a distance as fathers and husbands ran for cover. Many residents, who were still in their pyjamas, watched helplessly as their belongings got loaded onto trucks.  It’s understood the residents were moved to an allocated area in Randfontein, west of Joburg, but many of them feared being left homeless as they don’t have IDs and residential permits. Tavern owner Bonang Sehotse (47) was one of the affected residents. She said she spent over R700 000 building her house and tavern. “I have written proof from the municipality that I’m on the housing waiting list and shouldn’t be moved until then. It was given to me in 2007.“I spent a lot of money building my tavern and improving my house after I got a liquor licence because I needed to feed my kids. This now means my business is closed,” she said. Bonang quickly rushed her alcohol stock to her brother’s place in Westonaria as the Red Ants hadn’t yet reached her section. “I can’t be moved from a brick house to a shack, especially without notice.” Another resident, Puleng Mabuya (34), said she woke up in shock. “I’m confused. As much as there were previous threats of being moved, no one told us today is the day. “I don’t have an ID and fear I might not be allocated a place with my kids. I don’t know what to do,” said Puleng. Another resident, Zenzo Mabuya (28), said: “We don’t mind moving, but they could have at least informed us. We feel ambushed and are not prepared. I feel helpless and heartbroken. I work in a shop close by, how will I travel to work?.” Waterworks has been in existence for almost two decades without service delivery.  It has further emerged that over the years, several attempts were made by the local government to move the residents to surrounding areas, but nothing took place. Home Affairs officials were at the scene registering names of families that were moved. Captain Kay Makhubele said: “The land is privately owned and residents are being moved to another area. We have been trying to negotiate with them since this morning that we are not chasing them away, but relocating them. We are not moving them without an option,.” Following the death of bystander, Mthokozisi Ntumba during a student protest at Wits, police’s use of rubber bullets has since been in the spotlight. Makhubela said they were left with no choice but to use rubber bullets after residents became unruly. “They threw stones at the police and Red Ants. Police opted for rubber bullets. There was no way we couldn’t use rubber bullets,” added Makhubela. Six undocumented immigrants and two suspects were arrested after they attacked the police. The City of Joburg had not responded to Daily Sun’s inquiry at the time of going to print.