THE Social Development Department say they are in process of
finalising the Early Childhood Development stimulus employment relief fund
payments. Social Development spokeswoman, Lumka Oliphant, said
following the national call from the Department of Social Development for all
Early Childhood Development programmes to apply for the ECD Employment Stimulus
Relief Fund (ECD-ESRF), verification and payments are now being processed for
qualifying ECDs. She said the department received 28 283 applications which
translates to 125 407 staff members by the end of the closing date. "As part of the cleaning and removal of duplicate
applications amongst others, the number of applications on the system is 25 571
applications with 116 102 staff members. "Since the beginning of the verification process, the
department has also found 98 applications of deceased persons when verified
with the national population register. “And as part of the ongoing verification process that is
completed by the department, applicants have been sent a sms to advise them to
update their applications. "ECD operators who have applied for the ECD-ESRF are
urged to ensure that all their details that have been captured on the
application are correct as this will impact on the approval and processing of
the payments to the applicants,” she said. She said during the verification process common issues that
have been picked up are incorrect ID numbers. and names of applicants, the name
and surname of employees and their ID numbers are not the same as stated in
their Identity document.  She said also incorrect banking information, the status of
bank verifications can be checked on the Central Supplier Database (CSD)
website, incorrect addresses and incorrect classification of being either a
funded or unfunded service. Oliphant said that applicants may log in the website to
ensure that their details are accurate and use the same link to correct or
update their details. "This should be done by using the reference number they
received when they submitted their applications on the GovChat platform. "It is extremely important to note that the department
is unable to process any payments if applications have bank and staff
verification inaccuracies as a result of wrong information submitted by
applicants. "It is important for applicants to verify their details
and do the necessary corrections to avoid payment delays," she said. She also said the department thanked the ECD sector for
their participation and support during this process as it remains committed to
supporting all ECD programmes that were affected by the Covid-19.