I WANTED to study social work after my matric, but unfortunately there was no money for me to further my studies. Those were the words of a 30-year-old newly-made millionaire. He won the R51 million PowerBall jackpot from the draw on Tuesday, 2 March. And he has come forward to claim his winnings. He said when he couldn’t go to school, he had to look for a job so that he could help his family. But his dream has always been to become a social worker. Despite his new millionaire status, he still wants to put his dream qualification under his belt. “Winning this money does not mean I must abandon my dream qualification. It was never just about me. It has always bothered me to see young children suffer in my neighbourhood. Their parents receive social grants for them but end up wasting the money on their own wants. I want to be able to offer effective and sustainable assistance to my community, and getting the social work qualification will help me do just that,” he said. The winner said on his list of priorities, is to complete the building of his family home. “I started building a house for my family a few years ago, and I have been struggling to complete it due to financial constraints. My father died recently before he could see the final product. I am grateful that my mother will get the opportunity to live in her dream house as I intend to spend a portion of my winnings on completing and furnishing the house.” He bought his ticket at OK Mini Market in Polokwane, with a ticket wager of R30, using a manual selection method. Ithuba’s group CEO Charmaine Mabuza congratulated the winner. “Congratulations to the R51 Million PowerBall winner! It’s always fulfilling to witness how Lottery jackpots change people’s lives. It’s what we have always aimed for as the operator. This money could not have gone to a more deserving person. We need more people to pay it forward by going back to their communities and initiate practical assistance,” said Mabuza. Ithuba offers winners of R50 000 and above trauma counselling and extensive financial advice. The winner said he would invest a significant portion of his winnings and live off the interest. The winning numbers for this draw were 1, 11, 21, 32, 42 and PowerBall, 11.