BEING a referee is one strenuous profession that you can throw yourself into in football ... Not only do you pick up fights and hatred among soccer players, coaches and fans at large, but you end up being a victim of many insults from irate hooligans who do not understand the rules of the game. Then, there are allegations and accusations levelled against you – from being incompetent, taking bribery and being unfit to conduct the task at hand. With this comes the paltry payments that referees get from the amateur levels to those officiating in the professional leagues. But being stuck in a foreign country without any help or communication is something that needs to be strongly condemned. It was funny this week that a top South African referee, accredited by Fifa, who was assigned by the Confederation of African Football (Caf) to officiate a Champions League match between Simba SC and Al-Merrikh, was left stranded in Tanzania without a word from Safa. Victor Gomes was left in Tanzania on allegations of having tested positive for Covid-19, which happens to most of us, but he was not given a copy of his test results. The funny thing is that he tested negative on a Friday prior to his departure to the country and two days later he was declared positive by a Tanzanian lab, following the compulsory testing, as per the country’s regulations. And for a week “Mr Ref”, as Gomes is nicknamed, was confined to his hotel room, The Coral, in Dar es Salaam and no one bothered to solicit some help for him, we later got to be told. No one is accusing anybody here, but Gomes was on duty as a South African referee and needed as much support from the local association to ensure he is well in that nick of the woods. And worse, I’m sure Safa is aware of this modus operandi in Tanzania where they allegedly fake Covid-19 test results of foreigners coming into the country to do work. If they like you. Maybe, Gomes, with his no-nonsense approach, they tempered with his results in order to remove him from performing his assigned duties. Our sources, who were constantly in touch with yours truly, said the referee was worried-sick because he didn’t get any help back home, from those who should be helping him. We tried to intervene and seek help for Gomes to feel safe and supported while in isolation in a foreign country, but then Abdul Ibrahim, not the jazz musician, but Safa’s head of referees, failed to respond to any of our requests to have him intervene. Calls and messages sent to him seem to have been ignored as he pretended to be busy. Gomes might be back home by the time you read this piece, but I believe he deserved better treatment from the powers that be. Much as every country has its own Covid-19 regulations, like we do in South Africa, it has to be respected that Gomes was put in isolation in Tanzania, which is the right path to follow worldwide. But someone should have said something. I cannot imagine what Gomes’s family must have gone through during that difficult time. on Twitter @Mathews_Mpete