THE Phalanes in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni will no longer sleep with one eye open. Their house had no roof, but now their troubles are over, thanks to SunPower. This after Given Muhlarhi, founder of Given the Giver Foundation, Siyabulela Jentile, president of Not In My Name and businessman Lizwe Ncube pledged to fix the house on Saturday, 6 March. House owner Sipho (79) said they were relieved. “I’ve been thinking the house will collapse completely. I’m so happy people came forward to help.” Madala Sipho said the house was built five years ago, but it collapsed last year. “We are pensioners and cannot afford to renovate the house,” he said. Sipho’s wife, Thandi, (75) said: “Since the house collapsed, we always fear something might harm our grandkids.” Given said he read about the family in Daily Sun in February. He said their situation needed attention, as six children and four adults lived in a dilapidated house, and last year the roof collapsed. Muhlarhi said his 40th birthday on 6 March coincided with his late gogo Yosindaba Sibuyi’s birthday. He held a celebration on the day. “Instead of spending the day having champagne in Sandton, I resolved to use the day to do good for that family in honour of my grandmother. It is my desire to do good in society and make a difference in the community,” he said. Given said the process of fixing the house will begin soon. He said they will send engineers to access the house before they start fixing it. “The renovation is estimated at R500 000,” he said. Siyabulela said they were delighted to be part of the initiative. “We support Given’s initiative because it is making a difference in the community and bringing hope to many people,” he said. Lizwe said they appreciated Given’s mission to help poor people. “I decided to join forces with him because giving back to the community is close to my heart. We want to help the family and show their plight has touched many.” Young Mabontle Selepe (7), who also celebrated her birthday on Saturday, was part of Given’s birthday celebration. She said: “This a sign there are still people who practise the spirit of ubuntu.”