CHIPPA United coach Dan “Dance” Malesela is delighted with the competition that is developing between his strikers Augustine Chidi Kwem and Bienvenu Eva Nga. The pair have had a hand in nine goals so far for the Chilli Boys in all competitions this season. They have scored six goals and provided three assists combined, and Malesela reckons those numbers will increase significantly between now and the end of the season. The two marksmen were both on the scoresheet for the Gqeberha-based outfit in their 2-1 Nedbank Cup win over Cape Town City in the last-16 round on Sunday. They are rarely both on the field simultaneously as Malesela normally plays only one at a time, but they have been effective. Malesela, however, admitted that it took both strikers some time to get used to how he wants his forwards to play. The former TS Galaxy mentor was even beginning to question the pair at some point because the goals were not coming. But he is the happiest man on the planet now that they have found their scoring boots. “It bodes well for the team to have two strikers who are scoring goals. I’m very happy with that,” said Malesela. “We were worried at some point. It took them both some time to get used to and adjust to the way we want them to play. We had to be really patient with them. We had to wait a little bit and decide on who is ready first and how do we play them. “They are slowly getting into grips with everything. That competition between them is healthy and it will help the team. “There is also the option of playing both of them. They might start some matches together if they start doing really well. “It’s very good to have two strikers who are scoring because for me the word ‘striker’ was beginning to be overrated when the strikers were not scoring, and they were not striking anything. “That’s why I say to them that they are attackers, not strikers. “We call them strikers when they are scoring. They are doing that now and hopefully, they will continue scoring goals.” Malesela will look to both players for more goals when the Chilli Boys host the Citizens for the second time in just three days. The teams will resume their battle in a DStv Premiership clash tomorrow (3pm).