Swallows FC will look to bounce back from their first 2020-21 DStv Premiership defeat when they host Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday (3:0pm). Swallows suffered their first league defeat of the season when they were beaten 2-1 at TS Galaxy on March 2. The result also extended their winless run to six matches. The Birds have claimed 15 points from seven home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 0-0 draw with AmaZulu in mid-February. "Ja, no, it could be [a blessing]. It's almost exactly a year since we last lost a game, so we'll look to kick on. It's a home game next against TTM, and we also want to turn over the Nedbank Cup result," said Swallows head coach Brandon Truter following their defeat in Nelspruit. "This might be a wake up call but the boys did very well, I just want to emphasise that. We look forward to the next game. "I'll have to motivate them [the players], of course they are now a bit down with this result – we thought we won it [at 1-0 up] but it ain't over until the final whistle and that's what we realised. "But I'm sure it won't be a problem to motivate them, we have some experienced boys who can help in that regard, so we look forward to it; I'm looking forward to the TTM game already because we need to get this result behind us as quickly as possible," he added. Tshakhuma registered back-to-back wins in the top-flight league for the first time when they defeated Stellenbosch FC 1-0 at home on February 21, with a first-half goal from Thembisani Nevhulamba. Vhadau Vha Damani have claimed six points from eight away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 1-0 win at Maritzburg United in mid-February. The combination of Mpho Maleka, David Mathebula, Dylan Kerr and new ownership has worked a charm for the Limpopo club who beat Swallows in the Nedbank Cup round of 16 last weekend. “It was a job well done. The boys executed the game plan well. We are getting better with each game," said Maleka following their win over Swallows in the Cup. "We showed character and we would like to take this dedication to the league and survive relegation." In head-to-head stats, Swallows and Tshakhuma have met in just one previous top-flight league match. That encounter took place earlier this season, at Thohoyandou Stadium in November 2020, and saw the Birds claim a 2-0 away win thanks to goals from Ruzaigh Gamildien and Sipho Sibiya. -supersport.com