AFTER going through a much-publicised public heartbreak, YouTuber and reality TV star Lasizwe Dambuza has moved on. Lasizwe made a spectacle on Valentine’s weekend when he made his relationship public. He posted pictures of him and his bae enjoying the weekend together. However, all that came to an end when he claimed the boyfriend lied to him. Lasizwe said he dropped his bae off at the airport so he could go to Cape Town, but to his surprise he saw him at a club in Braamfontein that same day, which led to their break-up. It seems Lasizwe is over that. He’s on to his next potential relationship. He posted about his new love interest on Twitter. He wrote a thread about how much he wanted to love and protect this person. He went as far as saying he couldn’t wait to spend the rest of his life with the new love. ALSO READ | NO AIRPLAY UPSETS PHUZEKHEMISI “I know you’re watching me. I know you’re thinking about me because I’m also thinking about you,” he wrote. “I know you’re scared of me. You’re scared of the light that follows me. “Our connection is magical and you know this. One thing I can promise you is to love and protect you wholeheartedly. “Take a chance on me like how you took a chance with your life and broke the generational cycle and became the first in your family to do so. “Take a chance on us. I promise not to hurt you but guide you as my partner. I will be your Bonnie and you my Clyde, but only if you let me.” Lasizwe said he hoped the person he was talking about read the thread and would be with him one day. “We’ll be laughing, dancing, singing on top of our lungs, waking up the neighbours, because we’re the definition of happiness is a four-letter word. “I can’t wait to have a family with you and let our kids grow up in a safe environment. I hope you read this one day and be with me.” A fan asked if he was referring to his recent ex-boyfriend and he responded “Never”. I know you’re watching me. I know you’re thinking about me because I’m also thinking about u. I know u’re scared of me. you’re scared of the light that follows me. Our connection is magical and you know this. One thing i can promise u is to love and protect you wholeheartedly I want to be your ride or die. Your source of confidence, your pillar of strength. Allow me into your world, drop your guard down. Bring me into your safe space. You’re safe with me. I really can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you, we be laughing, dancing, singing on top of our lungs waking up the Neighbors because we are the definition of Happiness is a four letter word. I can’t wait to have a family with u and let our kids grow up in a safe environment. I hope u read this one day and be with me ?? 