FORMER Eskom chief financial officer Anoj Singh paid a Gupta-linked company R30 million for work that was never done. The Zondo Commission heard yesterday that Trillian invoiced the power utility for a corporate plan, but the service was never rendered and there was no contract for it. Despite this, Trillian sent a R30,6 million invoice in April 2016 and Singh authorised the payment soon after. He told the commission: “I wasn’t aware of the fact that the contract was signed on 4 May 2016. This has been pointed out now. However, there had been an acceptance letter of award signed by CEO Matshela Koko on 29 May 2015.” He admitted there was no signature relating to the contract from Eskom’s side. “But there was a meeting of minds in terms of there being a contract between the parties,” he said. READ: PRISON POKE INMATE SERVING LIFE FOR RAPE! Singh said the finance or procurements team would have to explain what happened as there was a policy of no payment without a contract. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo then pointed out to Singh that he was the chief financial officer, meaning the buck stopped with him, to which he agreed. Evidence leader Advocate Pule Seleka asked: “Could this be a question of negligence?” Singh replied: “I would say so, chair.” Former Trillian Management Consulting CEO Bianca Goodson earlier told the commission that Trillian did not work for Eskom. She said she knew this as she was the company’s first employee and remained its only employee until a chief of operations was hired. Singh told the inquiry he was approached to join Eskom by former public enterprises minister Lynne Brown in June 2015 and started in August. He admitted to attending several meetings with Trillian and McKinsey soon after the minister approached him. When Zondo said it was worrying that Singh met outsiders to discuss Eskom issues without someone from the utility present, he said he thought it would be better to get an independent view as media reports about Eskom had been negative.