SIFISO Hlanti’s physical strength will be vital if Bafana Bafana are to overcome Ghana and Sudan in their final Africa Nations Cup (Afcon) qualifiers. This is according to Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki, who values the Swallows FC left-back highly like a soldier at war. Bafana will host Ghana at the FNB Stadium on 25 March and then tackle Sudan at Al Hilal Stadium in Omdurman three days later. South Africa need a win or draw against the Black Stars to secure their ticket to Afcon finals in Cameroon next year. But a defeat for either side might give Sudan a chance going into the last round of fixtures if they beat Sao Tome, who are bottom of Group C on 24 March. Bafana and Ghana are tied on nine points at the summit, but Charles Akonnor’s coached side have a better goal difference. Sudan are third on three points, while Sao Tome are without a point, having lost all four matches so far. Said Ntseki: “Hlanti is a return soldier for Bafana. I spoke to him in the past about not getting game time (at Swallows). But it was just because of competition at the time when the club was doing well. “The coach (Brandon Truter) could not just change the team to accommodate him. He played in the past two matches for Swallows and he brings a lot of experience into Bafana team with his physical profile, playing against the giants of Ghana in terms of their physical structure and Sudan.” Hlanti will surely increase his number of caps in the Bafana set-up, having played in 18 matches. He lost his place in Ntseki’s team as he spent over a month without a team last year after his contract was terminated by the now defunct Bidvest Wits new owner Masala Mulaudzi when he relocated the team to Venda and renamed it Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), before he sold to Dr Abram Sello. The 30-year-old trained with Kaizer Chiefs for a few weeks, but could not secure a contract as Amakhosi were banned by Fifa from signing players in two transfer windows after being found guilty of signing Andriamirado “Dax” Andrianarimanana when he already had a contract with Fosa Juniors in his home country.