TOP South African referee Victor "Mr Ref" Gomes is stuck in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania and cannot leave the country due to the country's strict Covid-19 regulations. Our source in Tanzania confirmed to SunSport that Gomes cannot leave his hotel room after having allegedly tested positive for Covid-19 in the country, this is despite having left South Africa with a negative test result on 12 March. Making it worse is that Gomes was not even given proof that he tested positive, but word of mouth was enough. It is believed that Gomes and his assistants left the country on Friday, 12 March to Dar Es Salaam and landed safely in the country. But on Sunday, 14 March when tests were conducted in the country they came back positive, while those of the rest of his team members came back negative, which included Zakhele Siwela and Thando Ndzandzeka. Gomes was there to officiate an African Champions League match between home side Simba SC and Al-Merrich, which The Reds of Msimbazi won 3-0. Ndzandzeka, who was supposed to be the fourth official of the match, ended up taking the whistle. SunSport is further made aware that Gomes is due to be tested again on Sunday of which the outcome could let him free or be quarantined, according to the country's regulations. Gomes could also not be found for comment, even though SunSport knows the hotel in the country where he is stuck. "This is just ridiculous," said our source. "The man is helpless, he's alone. He spent the whole week in the country and no one bothered to help him. And it's widely believed that in that country, or most African countries use the Covid-19 trick to decide on who will officiate their matches by tempering with results from their lab. The sad thing is that there's limited labs in the country. Gomes' test results were negative when he left but two days later things changed, which is a bit hard to believe. Look, it's possible, but I doubt that's the case with him. Then why did they leave his assistants (Ndzandzeka and Siwela) free because they came with him and by virtue of having had contact with each then they might be risky too?" In a CGTN Sports Scene report, a broadcaster in Tanzania, it was reported that clubs in that country are accused of tempering with Covid-19 results. It is also believed that the modus operandi is popular and also used to eliminate opposition's key players so that they can be diluted and home side win with ease. Efforts to get comment from Safa's head of referees Abdul Ibrahim drew a blank as he wasn't available on his phone and did not respond to messages by the time of publishing. However, it is understood that he is aware of Gomes' situation.