EFF leader Julius Malema and the party’s former spokesman Mbuyiseni Ndlozi are back in the Randburg Magistrates Court for their assault case. More testimonies are expected to be heard from today as the three-day trial continues on Tuesday after it was postponed from October last year. The EFF pair are charged with assault after they allegedly assaulted Lieutenant Colonel Johannes Venter at the funeral of ANC stalwart Winnie Madikizela-Mandela in 2018. READ: STYLISH BILLIONARE SOCCER BOSS ROCKS OLD BOOTS When Venter took the stand, he told the court that he was pushed so hard and lost balance by the pair who were forcing their way into the cemetery in Fourways, where Madikizela-Mandela was being laid to rest. Venter told the court that when he tried to stop them, Malema uttered the words, “No white man can stop me.” He said after he told them they could not drive in, he stood in front of the vehicle. “While still standing, after I was pushed by Mr. Malema and Ndlozi, I saw them coming to me for the second time. They pushed me hard. “They pushed me so hard that I lost my balance. I was pushed so hard towards the guardhouse.” Malema and Ndlozi have pleaded not guilty to the charges they are facing. Addressing scores of supporters in October last year, Malema said: “A white man who suffered from privilege thinks he cannot be pushed and the same police are pushed every day. “When a policeman is pushed in a situation like that, they always understand. You have to be guided by the spirit of Ubuntu and understand that when people are at a gravesite, the majority of them are emotional, but white people don’t know Ubuntu.” ALSO READ: KHUNE'S SISTER SAW HER OWN DEATH He said some people are owed an apology and not the other way round. “That white man must apologise to us, the presidential protection unit must apologise to us, but they will never apologise because we are black,” he said. As the ban on political gatherings has been lifted, scores of EFF supporters are expected to gather outside the court in support of their leader and the party’s Member of Parliament.