MZANSI Magic’s much-loved docu-reality series Abandoned has finally come to an end. The last episode of the show saw seasoned presenter Phumeza Mdabe helping familes recoonect with their loved one left viewers shocked as they got to learn about her story. Phumeza, who was abandoned by her biological father, embarked on a journey of searching for him. Although viewers were shocked, they applauded her for doing a great job. They added that she was fit for it as she resonated well with the stories of people who had come onto the show. Speaking to Daily Sun, Phumeza said looking for her dad gave her closure. “I definitely got the closure I’d been looking for and was very important to me,” she said. “I’m the type of person who, when I get a response, I fly with it, whether it’s good or bad. “I’m happy that I finally got the chance to close this chapter of my life. ALSO READ | LERATO MVELASE JOINS THE STATION! “Looking for him has lifted the heavy burden I’ve been carrying for so many years, and I’m glad it happened when it happened because I’m much more mature and understand things differently now than when I was younger.” The presenter said opening up about her life story to Mzansi wasn’t an easy decision. But she had to do it as this was not about anyone else. “When people find out about my story, they might judge my mother very harshly. “Those are some of the things I had to think through as going to look for him is also going to open up a lot of wounds. I’m ready as this is about me and no one else.” Reacting to the last episode, viewers had a lot to say on social media platforms. Lulile Msimini said: “So the presenter relates and resonates with the content of the show. No wonder it’s a good show.” Danica Khumalo said: “Yoh! Phumeza’s biological father is trash, for lack of a better word. Most fathers choose their partners over their kids. “It’s disgusting to say the least. Worst part is, the stepmum is on her way to the grave, kodwa she’s still bitter. Sies!” Thulani Ndaba commented: “I was heartbroken yesterday when I was watching PhumezaMdabe, thank you for having the courage to share your story. It reminded me that even though our blood family may abandon us, we still have friends, who’re the family we choose.” Megazord said: " I’m so sorry sis Phumeza. It broke my heart to watch tonight’s episode of Abandoned. “I don’t even know how you’d heal from that. You’re a mighty strong woman. Big up to you.”