WITH fears of third-wave looming due to the long weekend, the
country’s coronavirus alert level has been kept at level 1 with few
restrictions tweaked to avoid super spreading. President Cyril Ramaphosa on Tuesday night announced that the sale of
off-site alcohol will be banned for four days starting on Friday until Monday
while on-site consumption in shebeens, taverns and restaurants will be allowed
for that duration. Public recreational places such as beaches will remain will funerals
can only be attended by 100 mourners. Ramaphosa said the ban for the four days was given the role of alcohol
in fueling reckless behavior. The curfew will be from midnight to 4 am while
provincial traveling will be allowed to allow people to visit relatives during
the holidays. The president pointed out that Easter Weekend is a time for spiritual gatherings
and congregational worship was part of the religious community and in
consultations with faith-based organizations, it was agreed that to increase a
bit the number of people who can attend. “Following this consultation, it has been determined that religious
gatherings over this period will be restricted to a total number of 250 people
indoors and 500 outdoors. Where the venue is too small to accommodate these
numbers with appropriate social distancing, then no more than 50 percent of the
capacity of the venue may be used,” he said. He added that as the country is heading for the weekend, for many,
this would be a welcome moment to pause and rest, whether from work or our
studies, and the pressures of the last months. “Many of us have made plans for the upcoming long weekend. Some of us
will be heading out of town; others will be visiting friends and family. Many
of us will be attending gatherings and celebrations. For millions of people,
this is also a time of religious observance,” he said. While the rate of transmission remained stable, Ramaphosa urges the
nation not to let the guard down and this when caution is needed more than
ever. He said the reality was that
greater movement of people, interprovincial travel, greater use of public
transit and gatherings present a great risk of an increase in infections. Over the last few days, he had been consulting with experts, religious
leaders, provincial government leaders, and traditionalists which led to the
introduction of few restrictions. “Given the relatively low transmission levels, we have decided to keep
the country on coronavirus Alert Level 1. However, due to the specific
circumstances of this period, we need to make a few adjustments,” he said,
adding that Ramaphosa also used the address to the nation to spell out the
government’s vaccine rollout program and promised that more doses will be
bought from various countries and the target to reach 40 million people was a
reality. Also over 2,000 vaccination sites have been identified across the
country as further support in infrastructure. “These include general practitioners’ rooms, community clinics and
pharmacies, retail outlets, and in some instances, larger facilities like
stadiums and conference centres. An Electronic Vaccination Data System has been
established to manage the vaccine rollout and direct people towards vaccination
sites closest to where they live,” he said.