RADIO and TV presenter Dineo Ranaka has scored herself a presenting gig with feminine hygiene company, Lil-Lets. The show, Lil-Lets Talk with Dineo Ranaka, sees the media personality talking about menstruation, fertility and pregnancy. The first episode is already out on Facebook and Instagram, and Dineo is with her grandmother, mum and niece. They talk about their journeys with menstruation. Speaking to Daily Sun, Dineo said she was approached by Lil-Lets. ALSO READ | PHINDILE GWALA: I WAS CALLED A RABBIT! “They then approached me to grow their community and play a part in growing that community with them. “They wanted to have a talk show that would tackle taboos and myths of menstruation and the shame around it. “And after many meetings about this, we concluded that their concept of a talk show with me partnering on it would make a lot of sense. “This is because we’re right up each other’s alleys and we’re married in regard to the values we hold about the subject.” The show is running on radio until 1 April and there will be a slot on Dineo’s show with Lerato Kganyago, Somizi Mhlongo and The Naked DJ on Metro FM, The Bridge. “Every Thursday starting this week, we’ll have an expert that’s going to come through and talk to us about a subject pertaining to their expertise. “From there we’ll continue the conversation on our social media platforms. “Right now we’ve shot episodes 1 and 2 and we don’t have a date for when we’ll drop the second episode. People must be on the lookout for our social media platforms.” Dineo, a mum, said she’s learnt a lot from the show. ALSO READ | SK KHOZA AND SIPHESIHLE VAZI GET NAKED “I learnt about the fourth and fifth trimester. When a woman is pregnant we usually talk about the first, second and third trimester, but there’s actually two more trimesters.” Dineo said she wanted the shows to educate boys and girls. “We want boy children not to believe in myths and taboos around the menstrual cycle, and ones that will be generous, empathetic and thoughtful when they see a girl that has messed up on herself,” she said. “We also want girl children that will not be ashamed of their menstrual cycle and will be confident enough to explain to a prying boy child who wants to learn more.”  Join Dineo Ranaka on the pink couch for the first episode of #LilLetsTalkwithDineo. Four generations share their first... 