FIRSTLY, the players were not paid their salaries for months. Secondly their previous chairman, Masala Mulaudzi, couldn’t pay accommodation rentals for the players. The same Mulaudzi couldn’t handle the financials of the club and he ultimately sold Tshakhuma FC to the nearest bidder. And the punter was pharmaceutical millionaire Ditonkana Sello, who bought the club for a price believed to be R50 million. Now Sello, who has blown winds of change at the club and lifted the spirit in camp to its highest ever, has been sweeping dirt left behind by Mulaudzi, going deeper into his pockets to balance the books. Now the players are happy, SunSport has learnt. Just last week three players wanted to drag Sello down by demanding exorbitant salaries that are not in their contracts. But Sello has only promised to pay them what they need if they can show him clauses in their contracts that corroborates what they are demanding. It is understood that some players, known to SunSport, demanded their salaries be increased to net amount of over R100 000 monthly, while their contracts allegedly said they must earn R40 000. Club’s liaison manager, Rufus Matsena, said they have managed to resolve those players’ issues with genuine demands. “Others were just taking chances, seeking extra money without showing proof. This is business and it cannot be word of mouth where money is concerned,” reasoned Matsena, who also confirmed that they’ve been in touch with Mulaudzi about pending salary cases. “Our intention is to clear all the debts of the club that we adopted by end of the current PSL season. We need to start the new season on a clean slate. “With this, we requested selected players to go to the PSL and ask for copies of their contracts. Others gave them to us and we fixed what was not right. “But others are still delaying on doing that. We cannot approach the PSL and start demanding players’ contracts. “It’s the player’s responsibility to go there. It’s our responsibility to help these players, but in a formal way.” Chairman Sello said: “I told the players that we will match what they have been earning. Where there are shortfalls, we will sit on a one-to-one basis to try and find each other. It was not everybody. We went back to the cases of TTM and (Bidvest) Wits and sorted this matter out. We’re doing very well.” But all seems to be in order at TTM and the players are showing signs of happiness on the field of play, where they have secured themselves a Nedbank Cup semi-final position against the winner between Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns. And they are now almost off the relegation zone.