BAFANA Bafana’s failure to qualify for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) has left Mzansi bitterly disappointed and angry. They will miss out on the next edition and will not be one of the 24 teams in Cameroon for the Afcon finals early next year, after they were stunned 2-0 by Sudan in their final group match played Al Hilal Stadium on Sunday. Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki is now under immense pressure with his job on the line after he failed to meet one of the mandates given to him. Ntseki was expected to qualify for next year’s continental showpiece as well as the 2022 Fifa World Cup that will be staged in Qatar. But having fallen short in his first challenge, which was to qualify for the Afcon finals, it seems unlikely Ntseki will be in charge for the World Cup qualifiers. The 51-year-old former SA Under-17 national team head coach will be scratching his head and asking himself where he got it all wrong. Ntseki has given the absence of some of his experienced overseas based players as one of the excuses his side could not perform as well as they were expected. But Bafana were not the only team that had to play without some of their regulars as many other African countries had the same struggle due to the Covid-19 pandemic, making travelling for those players almost non-existent. Nevertheless, Ntseki has accepted responsibility and expressed his disappointment after his team let Mzansi down. “Yes, as a coach, as head of the selection committee, as head of the team, my disappointment is huge – it’s huge for my personal growth and personal achievement as coach of Bafana Bafana,” said Ntseki. “The success of the team is my success, and the failure of the team firstly starts with me – to say, ‘I have failed as a coach’, because in football we need to own up. “When there is success, you become everybody’s favourite but when there is failure, you become an orphan and everybody looks at you and says, ‘You failed the team, you could not qualify.’ “But this happens in football, and we own up... It’s a big disappointment for me.” Ntseki could also look back to Bafana’s penultimate match of their qualifying campaign against Ghana at home where his side could not make home advantage count. He was accused of fielding too many defensive players in a match they desperately needed to win to put themselves in a strong position in the group but ended drawing 1-1 against the Black Stars. In the end, they left themselves too much work to do against Sudan which ultimately proved too steep a mountain to climb. Even worse, his selection of players on match day left a lot to be desired – with players like Thabiso Kutumela, Thabo Nodada, Mothobi Mvala, Mosa Lebusa, Vincent Pule and Lyle Foster left on the bench. He stuck in defence with players like Thulani Hlatshwayo and Innocent Maela, who were a liability against Ghana. Siyanda Xulu was nowhere to be found and Thapelo Morena was wasteful and Themba Zwane should have been left on the bench against Sudan. Lebohang Maboe and Luther Singh made little impact.