KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt says previous losses to Orlando Pirates won’t have a psychological effect when these two sides meet in the 173rd Soweto derby at FNB Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Chiefs have lost three matches in all competitions against Pirates this season. Bucs beat Chiefs 3-0 in the MTN semi-final first leg at Orlando Stadium, and 2-0 in the second leg at FNB Stadium on their way to claiming the Wafa Wafa trophy. Pirates edged Amakhosi 2-1 in the first DStv Premiership derby in Soweto earlier this season. Hunt said he had never lost to Bucs three times in the row in his coaching career. However, Hunt feels the past results won’t have any bearing on Sunday, in the game where he will be without Lebogang Manyama (suspended), Leonardo Castro (injured) and Itumeleng Khune (compassionate leave). “In football, if you worry about what you have achieved or done, you have a problem. We have got to look at the next game. The next game is on Sunday,” said Hunt. “It has no physiological impact on me (losing three times to Chiefs). That’s for sure. We’re concentrating on what is going to happen on Sunday. That’s our focus right now.” Things have not gone well for Hunt since he took charge at the beginning of the season. The former SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits coach can’t put a finger on why things are not working, and was not prepared to share his thoughts on what is wrong. But Hunt can be excused from the critics because when he came to Chiefs, they were serving a two-year Fifa transfer ban that ended in January. That meant Hunt had to rely on what he had and also had to promote lots of young players. Hunt has been in charge of 30 games in all competitions, winning seven, drew 12 and lost 11. Meanwhile, Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer has no intention of breaking his side’s unbeaten momentum. Pirates go into this match unbeaten in their last 10 games in all competitions. They have won eight and drawn two since they lost 2-0 to Golden Arrows early last month. “We are motivated and we want this unbeaten statistic maintained because it is very nice for the club,” said Zinnbauer. “We want to win the derby and we don’t want to break this momentum.”