BAFANA BAFANA captain Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo has stressed the importance of maintaining their perfect home record in the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers. Bafana host Ghana in their penultimate qualifier at FNB Stadium on Thursday (6pm), hoping to go a step closer toward earning qualification for the showpiece set to take place in Cameroon early next year. Bafana and the Black Stars are neck-and-neck at the top of Group C with nine points from four matches, with Sudan just behind them on six points in what is turning out to be an extremely competitive group. Molefi Ntseki’s charges head into their clash against the Ghanaians desperate to avenge their only loss in the qualifiers so far, a 2-0 defeat away from home in the first-leg between the two sides. Bafana have been faultless since that blemish, beating Sao Tome ePrincipe twice and also getting maximum points against Sudan at home. But Hlatshwayo is aware that anything less than a win against the Black Stars in their next match will leave Bafana in a precarious position and under extreme pressure. “We know how important the next two matches will be in our quest to qualify for the Afcon,” said Hlatshwayo. “We start at home against Ghana and it’s important that we get a good result. We lost against them in the first round so we have to redeem ourselves this time around. “We also don’t want to put ourselves in a spot of bother where we have to scramble for points in the final match against Sudan. “We also don’t want to go through the same struggle as we did in the 2019 Afcon qualifiers where we left it until the end and had to get a result against a good Libya team,” he said. “This time around, we want to go into the last match knowing very well that our fate is completely in our hands.” Bafana goalkeeper and vice-captain Ronwen Williams echoed the same sentiments as his skipper, adding that they intend topping their group. “We know what’s at stake,” added Williams. “At the beginning of this journey the coach asked us what we wanted to achieve and we said we wanted to finish top of the group. “That’s the challenge we put in front of ourselves and so far, so good as far as that is concerned. “We also said we wanted to win all our home games which we have done so far, we also want to keep that record against Ghana.”