PLAYING for Kaizer Chiefs or Orlando Pirates is not pap en vleis. Just ask former Amakhosi midfielder Stanton “Stigga” Fredericks and former Bucs defender Abednego Netshiozwi. The pair know the pressures that come with representing arguably two of the biggest clubs in Mzansi very well. The standards are higher than at most clubs in the country and the continent, and the pressure to deliver is even higher. But Fredericks and Netshiozwi believe that the current generation of Chiefs and Pirates players have it a bit easier because the environment is not as daunting and fierce as it used to be in their days. “Playing for Chiefs or Pirates is not easy,” said Fredericks who played for both Soweto giants.  “Things have changed, it’s a bit easier these days because the environment has changed. “Back in the day when you signed for Chiefs or Pirates you would find established stars and 80% of them would be in the national team. “You had to prove yourself on the training ground and on the field. You have to show that you’re good enough to don the jersey.” Netshiozwi couldn’t agree more with his former arch-rival. “It was not easy,” said Netshiozwi.  “You were most likely to find all your idols but you have to tell yourself that you’re there to work.” One of the fixtures players look forward to when they join one of the Soweto giants, is the famous Soweto derby, which is considered one of the most fiercely contested matches in African football. The epic clash is also a harsh reminder for player regarding expectations at these two clubs. The pair believe the derby is one of the matches that could make or break a player’s career. But they have admitted that the current climate of playing without fans has taken a lot of the excitement from the fixture. “It’s not easy to play in the derby,” added Netshiozwi. "If you mess us your first touch then it’s over for you. The supporters will be on your back, it’s too much pressure.” Added Fredericks: “The derby has so much weight to it. It can make a player and break a player. If you score in the derby the fans will remember you forever, and if you have a bad game then it’s the opposite. “You feel for the players now because how do we call it the derby when there are no fans? As a player you want to play in front of a packed stadium, you want to feed off their energy. It’s just not the same anymore.”