While Covid might’ve taken the world by storm, resulting in 2020 being one of the most overwhelming years in recent history, the importance of raising awareness on breast cancer has become even more critical. In 2020, statistics from the Cancer Association of South Africa revealed that approximately 19.4 million women aged 15 years and older, were at risk of being diagnosed with breast cancer, making it the number one cancer affecting women in South Africa. It is based on worrying statistics like these, that over the past 10 years, Momentum and Cricket South Africa have partnered with the Charlotte Maxeke Academic Hospital, through the Pink ODI match day, to raise donations that have assisted in accelerating research and awareness for breast cancer treatment in South Africa. This year, Momentum is on a drive to give South Africans the right #AdviceForSuccess to help them navigate their cancer journey; and to stress the importance of early detection as well as to shed a light on the various support systems available should the unfortunate occur. Momentum has put together a diverse team of experts, survivors and financial advisers, called the Momentum Force, who offer the right advice to support everyone’s unique journey with breast. The Momentum Force are there to give individuals a fighting chance against breast cancer through expert advice and lived experiences. “Through our Momentum Force, we want South African men and women to know that they are never alone on their cancer journeys. Momentum is here to support and advise on every aspect of the journey and it has been our honour to have been a part of SA’s breast cancer awareness drive for 10 years now,” said Momentum Head of Marketing, Charlotte Nsubuga-Mukasa. The Pink ODI boasts a special atmosphere as it has become synonymous with merging a celebration of sport, colour and style, while remaining true to its purpose and never losing the seriousness surrounding breast cancer awareness. South Africans are therefore urged to fully support the 2021 Betway Pink Day taking place on Sunday, 04 April. In accordance with lockdown regulations, Momentum has asked South Africans to watch the match from the comfort of their homes and wear pink in honour of survivors. This year also marks the end of Momentum’s sponsorship of the ODI format with CSA which expires in April 2021. Momentum will, however, continue its support of the Momentum Proteas as the naming rights sponsor for the national women’s team. “The ten-year partnership as a sponsor of cricket in South Africa has been hugely rewarding for us. Having been involved in several platforms such as development cricket, schools’ cricket, club cricket, domestic and international cricket, not forgetting the invaluable contribution to cancer research and the raising of funds through the Pink ODI, this has been amongst the most important partnerships the brand has had,” said Momentum’s Head of Sponsorships, Carel Bosman.