THE two boys who died last week Saturday after drowning in a dam were described as future leaders by speakers during the funeral on Saturday. Siyabonga Mabila (7) and Lawrence Tshwenu (5) from Mountain View in Kopanong east of Tshwane were buried at Heatherly Cemetery in Mamelodi East. Many people came to pay their last respect to the boys whose life were cut shot after drowning in a dam. Daily Sun published the story headlined: "Parents shattered after dam swallows kids" on 2-03-21. Lawrence's uncle Deon Moore (38) told Daily Sun that the mother was strong though she was crying after losing a child in such a tragedy. He said the other family members were still weak as it is difficult to cope after such an incident. "His space will always be felt, he always woke up first to make food for himself, we will miss that. "Her little sister aged one year six months is always asking where her brother is,” he said He also said when the family passes the dam, it will be a remembrance of how the child died. He said her mother wants to see the dam is closed. "The fence they put around the dam is very weak and it's a disrespect to the two families. "I'm not happy with though there is a security, we feel it's an insult to the family," said Deon. Anna Ndlovu (41) an aunt to Siyabonga said it's difficult to cope especially after losing a child. "This has affected the family because we still can't believe our child is gone," she said. She said they have lost a precious child who is replaceable. King Civil Engineering Constructions Supervisor, Lucky Sidu, said it was a difficult day to bury such innocent young lives. "We know the pain of losing child, please accept our condolences. "We offer full support to the residents and they will be a thoroughly investigation to give closure to the family," he said. He said they will share investigation outcomes with the family. Local Councillor Rebone Maleka said: "These boys were bound to be future leaders, doctors and would make a difference in a society." Mosima Mothupi, a departmental head for Foundation Phase at Kutumela Molefe Primary School, said the two boys didn't to deserve in such a way. "We lost valuable pupils and we have lost a leaders," she said. Minister for the Public Service and Administration, Senzo Mchunu, visited the Mabila and Moore families on Friday. Mchunu was accompanied by Minister for Public Works and Infrastructure, Minister Patricia de Lille. "The purpose of the visit was for the ministers to pay their respects to the families, deliver donations to the families and to further visit the site where the incident occurred. "As Ministers we expressed our deepest condolences, lamenting that no parent should have to bury their child," said Mchunu. The ministers also expressed their interest to be kept abreast with the developments of the investigation.