POLICE Minister Bheki Cele on Monday, 28 March released the long-awaited report regarding the day when cops gunned down 34 miners in Marikana. The 596-page report, compiled by experts looking into policing and crowd control, found the situation in Marikana was complex. It started with a wage dispute that resulted in a strike outside of the collective bargaining system. It made several findings over what led to the death of the miners, including that a major-general with no training or crowd management experience was tasked with engaging with armed strikers on 13 August, 2012. His lack of experience likely contributed to the violent clash between cops and strikers.  Another finding was that over 14 and 15 August cops tried to resolve the matter through negotiations but were undermined by their provincial commissioner, who discouraged Lonmin from negotiating. The report reveals that operational police commanders on 15 August received an instruction from top leadership that if strikers didn’t voluntarily disarm the next day, police should forcibly disarm them. “The Marikana Commission emphasised the possibility that political influence may have played a role,” it states. The report put forward an overall framework for police professionalisation, stressing:   Other recommendations included that where a controversial operation and its consequences required further investigation, the minister and national commissioner should take care during public statements or addressing members not to close ranks or discourage members aware of inappropriate action from making revelations. Another recommendation is that police should accept duty of public accountability and truth-telling, because it exercises force on behalf of all South Africans. Cele said while it’s taken time to release this vital report, they wanted to assure accountability.  He said prosecution of cops involved in the tragedy was ongoing.  To date, the police service has paid out over R176 million to compensate families of those killed in the tragedy. “R18 million of civil claims are to yet to be finalised. The process to finalise other categories of compensation are ongoing,” said Cele.