GOLDEN Arrows have a score to settle with Black Leopards. They will head into their DStv Premiership clash at Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday (3pm) seeking revenge. This after Leopards got the better of the overachieving Kwa-Zulu-Natal outfit just a few weeks ago. Lidoda Duvha ended Arrows’ three-match winning run, breaking their momentum as they looked to push for continental football next season. Since that setback, Abafana Bes’Thende have struggled to get back to winning ways, playing out a dull goalless draw with Baroka on Wednesday. Mandla Ncikazi’s team were flying high before the costly defeat at the hands of Leopards and were fresh from winning a Q-Innovation for the first time in their history. But Lidoda Duvha, buoyed by the arrival of Kosta Papic, stopped the KZN side dead in their tracks. Arrows also lost influential captain Nkosinathi Sibisi in that game after he sustained a head injury following a collision with his goalkeeper, Sifiso Mlungwana. Ncikazi is delighted that he will have his skipper back as he plots revenge against the Limpopo outfit. “We are going to Limpopo to face an opponent that we faced not too long ago,” said Ncikazi. “We have the opportunity to correct the wrongs of that match. We go into their territory to get all three points. If the fighting spirit and the mentality is correct, then I think we will get the points. “I’m happy we will have Sibisi back from injury.” Abafana Bes’Thende, who also have a date with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at Peter Mokaba Stadium next Wednesday, will be hoping to return from their excursion to Limpopo with six points. They are currently fifth on the PSL log with 29 points from 17 matches. But Papic is optimistic that lightning will strike twice against Arrows. “All is well and we need to fight for maximum points in all our remaining games. “We are not in a good position and we cannot afford to beat them (Arrows) away and then lose to them at home. “Our aim is to get points now and let’s see what happens,” said the former Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs coach.”