A MAN who was attacked by angry students of Ehlanzeni TVET College’s Mapulaneng campus in Acornhoek near Bushbuckridge a week ago is recovering in hospital. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi confirmed to Daily Sun that the man is in a stable condition after being assaulted by students. The drama unfolded when fuming students apprehended him, accusing him of being responsible for a spate of crime including rape, housebreaking, robbery and molesting them in their places of residence on the campus. They tossed him into the air as they dragged him, stripping him naked as they moered him. This happened after the students marched to hand over a memorandum concerning rape and housebreaking to the Acornhoek cop shop. Traffic came to a standstill as two police officers who tried to save the man were being overpowered by a group of fuming students who also tried to climb on top of the police van. Police back-up arrived in numbers, rescued the naked man and rushed him to hospital. The students shouted that they were fed up of gangs terrorising them, especially the defenceless female students. They handed a memorandum of grievances to the Acornhoek police station Commander Colonel Mfundhisi Makamu, who received and signed it, and promised they would responded to them soon. Ehlanzeni TVET College spokesman Mxolisi Nzimande said: “We are taking steps to make campuses safer for students at all times. It is with regret that we learn that the incidents of gender-based violence affecting some of our students is increasing within the Acornhoek area where our Mapulaneng campus is located.” He said on Wednesday, Wisani Sithole, the SRC chairperson and Ms Nokubonga, whose last name was not provided, reported to the campus manager that a student was raped in the early hours of the morning, between 2am and 3am at her place of residence outside the campus. “A case was opened with the police. The campus management responded swiftly to make the campuses safer, putting moves in place to ensure stronger support for victims of rape and sexual assault. “These included establishing a committee, adopting a zero- tolerance policy against attacks and improving security,” he said. Nzimande said the student support service in confirmation with the campus management team advised students to create a WhatsApp group, so they can alert others if they hear noises or suspect somebody is trying to access their rooms and blowing a whistle, so the others can hear if one is under attack. “The campus management arranged higher health psychologists for counselling sessions with the students. Students are urged to look for residences with security as it is their prerogative to choose their residence carefully as per 2020 guidelines for the DHET bursary scheme,” said Nzimande. Brigadier Hlathi said: “Students from Ehlanzeni TVET College in Acornhoek closed the gate of the campus. They then apprehended a man whom they suspect is a suspect in rape cases and burglaries taking place around the campus. The suspect was assaulted, and when police tried to rescue him, the students tried to climb on top of police van. “But police managed to rescue him from mob of students. The police and the vehicle were not injured or damaged. The alleged suspect is hospitalised after being admitted to Tintswalo Hospital. The cases they have reported are still being investigated.”