THE baby mama of an e-hailing driver who was killed, allegedly by the people who requested a ride in Isipingo, south of Durban, said she warned him that this side hustle was extremely dangerous. Ntuthuko Goba (30) was killed on Friday after he accepted a pick-up request. His family and baby mama Yolisa Mlotshwa (29) only discovered that he was dead on Monday. Yolisa said she and the kid (3) got a check-up call from Ntuthuko at about 7.30pm. “We spoke a little before he said he was going to attend to ride requests,” said Yolisa. She said they started suspecting something was wrong when his mum called him and discovered that his phone was on voicemail. That had never happened before. “The following day, we started looking for him and asked for help from his car’s tracking company. We later discovered that it was abandoned in the Golokodo area in Folweni. The battery, license disc and number plate were missing,” said Yolisa. They knew then that something was wrong because Ntuthuko was still nowhere to be found. “We reported the matter to the police while we continued searching for him in all neighbouring hospitals and mortuaries. It was only on Monday when we got a successful lead from Isipingo cops that they had recorded a murder case of an unknown man at about 8.30pm on Friday. “The description matched that of Ntuthuko. We asked to identify the body, and it was indeed him,” said Yolisa. She said she was devastated. “I feel miserable/ The pain is unbearable. I wish I was able to stop him when he bought a VW car that it is meat to hijackers. I also wish I had succeeded in convincing him not to consider e-hailing as a safe side hustle last March,” she added. Reaction Unit South African helped with leads that assisted the family. After posting about Ntuthuko being missing on Facebook, many people gave leads that led to the discovery of the car and shed light that Ntuthuko could be dead. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said a case of murder was being investigated by Isipingo cops. “It’s alleged on Friday, 5 March at 8pm, a body of a 30-year-old man was found on Platt Drive in Isipingo Hills. The victim had sustained gunshot wounds to the stomach. The circumstances surrounding the incident are being investigated,” said Gwala.