MAMELODI Sundowns striker Peter Shalulile’s rather weird goal celebrations might look slightly awkward but they are not at all dangerous. This is the view of one of his coaches Manqoba Mngqithi who believes the striker is always fully in control when he throws his body over the parameter boards in celebration. The 27-year-old Namibian international has made it a trademark to acrobatically toss his body about whenever he finds the back of the net. He pulled out the now-famous celebration once again when he scored a late winner for Downs in their DStv Premiership clash against Stellenbosch FC at the Danie Craven Stadium on Saturday. The Tshwane giants stretched their lead at the top of the table to four points as they downed Stellies for the third time this season. They are still unbeaten in the league and are currently on an astonishing 24 match unbeaten run in all competitions. And Shalulile has been instrumental in Downs’ success so far this season with 14 goals and six assists in 24 matches. He has eight goals in 16 league matches – five behind top scorer Bradley Grobler in the race for the Golden Boot. Mngqithi is not concerned about Shalulile’s celebrations as long as the striker keeps scoring crucial goals for the team. “It would be very difficult to control his celebrations because we don’t know what happens to him emotionally when he scores a goal,” said Mngqithi. “But one thing I can guarantee is that I have never met a player as fit as Peter Shalulile, in terms of flexibility, strength and power. “That’s why he always comes back up quicker than everyone else when he goes down. If you check the goal he scored against Black Leopards, you will ask yourself how could a player who went down after the defender come back up quicker. “He is very strong. Yes, we would prefer a better goal celebration but if he scores for me and celebrates the way he does then I don’t mind. “Maybe once I see something that might cause problems, I might intervene but as it is now I don’t see a problem. “He has played every match for us and he never gets injured, he’s a top soldier and a very good professional that every coach would like to work with.” Mngqithi will once again rely on Shalulile’s goal-scoring talents when Downs host TP Mazembe in a Caf Champions League encounter at Loftus Versveld tomorrow (6pm).