BLACK Leopards assistant coach Lehlohonolo Seema is delighted with his side’s recent form. Lidoda Duvha, who looked destined for relegation from the top flight a few weeks ago, are showing the type of fighting spirit that could see them stay up. They have also advanced to the quarter-finals of the Nedbank Cup following a stunning 1-0 win over dangerous AmaZulu. The Limpopo side seem to be on the up since the appointment of Kosta Papic as the new “technical manager”. The former Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates mentor’s presence has sparked a positive response from the players. Seema was waxing lyrical about his team and he singled out striker Mohammed Anas for special praise. The Ghanaian forward has hit form at the right time for Leopards, scoring three goals in his last two matches. Anas, who was struggling for game time at the beginning of the season, has been a regular feature in recent matches. He has three goals in all competitions this season, having made a total of eight appearances. “It’s for a striker to score goals,” said Seema. “He has been sitting on the sidelines for a long time but he has grabbed his opportunity and I’m happy for him. “He has been working hard at training. It was not easy for him, but he remained strong mentally. He showed that he is an international player. “At the moment he’s doing well and is relieving pressure on the other strikers. “But to be honest, I have been impressed by the whole team. These guys never put their heads down, even when the results were not coming. “We kept working hard at training and this is paying off now.” Lidoda Duvha have little time, however, to bask in the glory of their recent success as they quickly have to turn their attention back to the DStv Premiership. Their mission for survival continues when they travel to KwaZulu-Natal for a clash with fellow strugglers Maritzburg United at Harry Gwala Stadium tomorrow (5pm). Seema has described the match as a “six-pointer” that they have to win to keep climbing the table. “We need to show the same type of spirit, determination and resilience that we have been showing in our recent matches,” added Seema. “We just need to manage the players and then travel to Maritzburg for the big match.”