XOLISANI "Nomeva" Ndongeni has welcomed a rematch request from Malawian Byson Gwayani. Gwayani was livid on Saturday night after losing on a technical knockout to Nomeva at the Graceland Casino in Secunda, Mpumalanga. The TLB Promotions tournament left a handful of fans on the edge of their seats as they enjoyed a feast of boxing fights, but Nomeva made their day with a ninth round stoppage, which saw the crowd explode into excitement. Nomeva started their International Lightweight fight by collecting as many points as he could to fill up the judges' hat in case the fight would goes the full distance. But the eighth round drop of Gwayani realised there is still hope that he could knockout the Malawian speedster. And indeed a minute into the ninth round then referee David van der Nieuwenhuizen had to raise his hands up in disagreement that Gwayani has taken a lot of punishment and he could not continue with it anymore. But the stubborn Gwayani cried saying that he was not finished.  "It was unfair, it was unfair of the referee to stop the fight. This is my first time fighting in South Africa and I still believe could have defeated Nomeva. But I want him again." But Nomeva, the champion who owns Fight Club gym in Joburg, said he is ready for him again. "He must just accept that he was not going to win this fight, not by a long shot. He was finished in the eighth round and I just to put matters to rest in the ninth. "This win is for my coach 'Chief' (Mzamo Njekanye) who is back with me. This is for my family. Nomeva is back now. I am ready to fight anyone now, but I cannot mention any names." But the day ended early after five-time world champion Hector “Hekkie” Budler's planned fight was called off after his opponent, Hamidu Kwata from Tanzania, failed to make weight limit. In the main supporting bout, Smangele Hadebe beat Melissa "Honeybee" Miller on a unanimous points decision having gone the whole eight round distance in their Female Catchweight category. Hadebe, also known as Smash, admitted that she had to work extremely hard to take this considering Miller's height, and it was not easy for her to land punches. "But I managed to find a strategy of keeping a distance and jumping at her. She's a very difficult fighter to fight against. Look, Miller is a very experienced boxer and on any ordinary day she can cause an upset. But I'm glad I manged to win this," said Hadebe. And Miller admitted and accepted defeat like a true boxer. "I wasn't properly prepared for this fight and Smash was all over the right to handle. I got an invite to fight her two weeks ago and that is I started preparing for it. Remember my last fight was last year in October and since then I have just been training, gym training." In other fights, Xolani Ngidi had to thank her ancestors and the All Mighty after winning his Junior Lightweight fight against Sya Mabena. "This is for my children, this is thanks to God, thanks to my ancestors for this win. I have been needing this for a long time," he said after his fourth round TKO in a bout lined up for eight. The main thriller of the day was a first round knockout of Malawian Sando Jackson who could not bear punches from Talent Baloyi in their Lightweight fight. "Boom Boom" as Baloyi is known, said he was hoping for something better from Jackson but he ended up dishing up himself on a silver platter." He started jumping at me, which is my strong point. I just accepted him with heavy punch and he could not take the pain and gave in," said the personal trainer from Malamulele. Other results:Skhumbuzo Ximba beat Ayabonga Cekiso on a unanimous points decision, while Arnel Lubisi won his Catchweight fight against Tamiwe Chisolola in round three.