MZANSI record-holder Akani Simbine admitted being frustrated ahead of Saturday’s Gauteng North Championships at Tuks, which was marred by heavy windy conditions. And running sub-ten-second times is no big deal to Simbine, as he won in 9.99s during the Tuks event which was special to the sprinter. “There was a mere moment that I thought, what is the point of racing. But you have to be able to adjust. Set the mind straight. Get focused on what you need to do. Run sub ten seconds. Today’s (Saturday) windy conditions were some of the worst I ever raced in,” he said. “When I saw my time, I thought it is better than nothing. If it was not for the wind, I know I could have been faster.” The wind and not the stopwatch turned out to be the Tuks-based sprinter’s biggest challenge. When the athletes settled in their starting blocks for the 100m final, they were up against a three-metre per second headwind. Simbine is only the second sprinter to dip under 10 seconds so far this season. On Friday, Benjamin Azamati-Kwaku (Ghana) clocked 9.97s in the USA. Meanwhile, Gift Leotlela was second in a time of 10.20s, with Thando Dlodlo (Tuks) third, clocking 10.35s. Simbine was impressed by his younger rivals. “It is great to have Gift back and to be racing against him. He has the potential to become one of the greats. Actually, it was exciting. Every athlete was prepared to race. If we can continue doing, so there is going to be some exciting racing in South Africa.” According to Simbine, his strategy is simple: never race against any specific athlete. His only focus is to try and execute the perfect race. The sprinter, however, hinted that he liked “ruling the thrown”. Whoever wants to outsprint him in Mzansi will have to come up with something special. Leotlela managed to equal the second-fastest time of his career. The past four years have been frustrating for the talented sprinter. Since 2017 he was plagued by various injuries. Now, he seems fully recovered: “Today (Saturday) was a good day at the office. There was no pressure. It was still a far from perfect performance. In the semi-final and final, I tensed up when I felt athletes closing up on me.”