SWALLOWS FC coach Brandon Truter is a worried man. It seems his high flying Birds have had their wings clipped in recent weeks. The Soweto outfit started like a house on fire but recently, things have not been so good. Although they are still among the challengers for the DStv Premiership title, Swallows appear to be enduring a rare dip in form. They are getting too many draws for Truter’s liking and this has seen them slide down to fifth place with 31 points from 18 matches, five behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns, who have two games in hand thanks to their continental football commitments. The Birds’ 1-1 draw against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at the weekend was their 10th of the season, the most by any team in the Premiership. Truter was extremely disappointed by his side’s inability to manage the game, something they have generally struggled with recently. “This is definitely something we need to work on,” said Truter. “We are playing too many draws. We had the game in our hands, but we let it slip at the end and give two points away. “I’m happy we are scoring goals, but I am worried that we also conceded too many for my liking. “We are conceding at a worrying rate at critical stages of the match. “We have to manage games better. We can’t be conceding in the last 10 minutes or five minutes of games. “The players need to grow up. We rely on their experience to get us through at critical stages and we react to the opponent’s tactics.” Swallows will now enjoy a welcome rest and will only be in action next Saturday (3.30pm), when they travel to Gqebera for a clash with Chippa United at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. Truter will have had ample time to work on his side’s weak points and ready to return the form that saw them surprise many at the beginning of the season. “I’m hoping we learn from our mistakes as we grow,” added Truter. “I can’t fault the commitment as always we just need to be more focused. We have to get back on track and try to win the next one.”