HIGHER Education Minister Blade Nzimande slams vandalism of property during student protests and theft. He was worried after getting information from 21 universities, while reports were still to come from the University of Zululand, Vaal University of Technology and Walter Sisulu University. Nzimande said according to the information, the cost of repairs completed and those still to be carried out amounted to R32 791 397. “None of these acts and massive losses incurred could be justified or associated with any legitimate forms of protest and should be condemned by all, including our student and union stakeholders. All progressive stakeholder organisations will agree criminal and violent acts have no legitimacy in genuine political protests around demands for greater equality in post-school education and training,” said the minister. He called on law enforcement agencies to act swiftly against any acts of violence and destruction. “We call on vice-chancellors to tighten up safety and security measures to prevent any form of destruction and protect life and limb. Destruction of property is a criminal offence and all those engaging in such must be apprehended and face the full might of the law.” Nzimande said Cape Peninsula University of Technology reported two cases related to vandalism of fire equipment, with repairs amounting to R250 000. Cases of damage from arson which involved burning of the pre-fab structure used as classrooms were also reported. “The repair costs amounted to R2 690 000, with R1,2 million still to be used for repairs. “Central University of Technology had violent incidences during student protests on both Bloemfontein and Welkom campuses and costs for repairs amounted to R1 457 201. Rhodes University reported minor vandalism due to burglary or forced entry. Damages amounted to R5 000.” Sefako Makgatho University reported six cases of vandalism during the June protests and repairs were valued at R30 220. University of Joburg reported seven cases of vandalism and repairs were done at R202 826. The University of KZN had cases of damage to property and burning of buildings due to protests and the value of repairs was R27 388 914. Nzimande also said the University of Fort Hare was vandalised in March and December and cost R468 000 to fix. The University of Western Cape reported two cases of vandalism and theft costing the university R166 007, while the University of Venda reported three cases of vandalism during November protests which cost R133 227.