WITH due respect to Free State businessman, Max Tshabalala, but he has destroyed the legacy of ntate Petrus Molemela and tore it to shreds within six years. He’s worked it down to the ground, and for that, he will not be forgiven by staunch Bloemfontein Celtic supporters. In my entire sports journalism career, I have never seen such a shambolic state of affairs like the one unfolding at Celtic. Well, that was before Masala Mulaudzi added to the circus of PSL club chairmen while at TTM. Some of us who have followed football for most of our lives, it feels like a hot rod pierced through your heart when you see “Whitehead’s” legacy shuttered down brick by brick by someone who doesn’t care, or have a clue. From the 1970s when Norman Mathobisa and Victor Mahatane first started Celtic, with an interest at heart for football, they spent their money funding the club until early in the 1980s. They gave it up to Molemela, who blew Free State away with his administration style and the club attracted hundreds of thousands of followers – you can say the entire Free State supported this team. When Jimmy Augousti took over after buying shares from Molemela, he ensured that he takes the baton and runs away with it until where he ended. Then in 2014, real trouble started when the unknown construction businessman jumped from Roses United to buy Celtic from Augousti. That club have never been the same ever since. Today, as you’re reading this, Tshabalala has now taken down the roof of the club by retrenching the CEO and some hard working office bearers, for what, PRIDE. Khumbulani Konco, the club’s CEO who represented the Celtic in the PSL Exco, was also fired because he stood up for his and fellow employees’ rights when Tshabalala shouted at him like a naughty boy. Kganthe the old man o tshwere kwaal. A few weeks later, he decided to fire Konco for no apparent reason. Tshabalala, this is the folk who failed to pay salaries every month, but he’s apparently filling up his farm in the Free State with wild animals when players, the technical team and offices bearers are starving with unpaid salaries. What a disgrace! No wonder Steve Komphela left the club under those conditions, as well as Lehlohonolo Seema – I’m talking about credible coaches who had personal attachment to Celtic. For now Celtic fans, know that you’re on your own and don’t be surprised, for the umpteenth time, when you hear that the club is for sale, and this time for Shillings as there’s no sponsor or anything worthy left there. on Twitter @Mathews_Mpete