EFF leader Julius Malema has once again lashed out at police
following a death of a man during a student protest in Braamfontein on Tuesday. Malema was shooting from the hip outside Randburg Magistrate
Court, where he ironically was appearing for a fallout he and Mbuyiseni Ndlozi
had with a police officer. “We should now have people’s police, the police who
sympathise with innocent children. “Not this blue-uniformed blood-thirsty police, who always
want to show their bravery by killing harmless souls, unarmed children, the
same way apartheid did. “There is nothing to salute about this police who kill
innocent children, children who are thirsty and hungry for education. In that same breath, Malema labeled the police cowards and
asked what happened to the minimum force tools that police use when dealing
with crowds. “Bloody illiterates, who have no idea what it means to
control crowd, they think black people can only be controlled with pain and
blood, because that is what the apartheid did when it viewed black people.” The man was shot and killed, allegedly by police who were
dispersing a group of students who were protesting against financial exclusion
at Wits University. The death of the man has sparked outrage with people calling
for the arrest of the officers who were allegedly behind the incident. The protest is also set to spread to other universities on
Wednesday. The ANCYL Crisis Committee whilst we welcome swift action by
the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (IPID) in arriving at the
scene to investigate this gruesome incident, we call for those responsible for
the loss of life to be held accountable and face the full might of the law. “Young people have over the years decried the use of force
against peacefully protesting individuals, and these cries have fallen on deaf
ears as we continue to see Police brutality against, particularly, the black
and poor majority of this country. It was only a few weeks ago where protestors
broke the COVID-19 Regulations by protesting at a beach in Cape Town.” “The South African Police, instead of arresting these
lawbreakers as per the conscripts of the regulations, were treated with kid
gloves. We can only conclude that such is as a result of the class and racial
bias which continues to prevail in our society", read their statement.