BENNI McCarthy has never been shy to speak his mind. And the AmaZulu coach was at it again following his side’s 1-0 win over Chippa United on Wednesday. Although his side was victorious, McCarthy did not shy away from voicing his displeasure with the pitch they had to play in. McCarthy slammed the decision to allow Chippa to play at the Sisa Dukashe Stadium, insisting the pitch there is below standard for the DStv Premiership. He described the pitch as “horrendous” and he believes it hampered his side from displaying their best football on the day. “The pitch was just horrendous, why it gets approved by the league is beyond me because the DStv Premiership is trying to build a product that makes Africa proud and you have the World Cup stadium in Gqeberha but then you are allowed to play here,” said McCarthy. “But at times you just have to accept that football is football and it is about winning games. You don’t have to make it pretty and the Chippa game was one of those. It was the worst footballing game that I have been involved in since I took charge. “It was one of those days, it wasn’t the prettiest and Chippa made it difficult for us to play our natural game, what we are accustomed to. But that is understandable as they are hovering at the bottom of the table. They are fighting for their lives and survival in the Premiership. “For us it is just the constant rise and we are just trying to not make the mistakes that we know playing on a pitch like this would cause. We did not play the best of football, the free-flowing football we usually do. The pitch did not allow us to do that.” McCarthy, though, was delighted with the application of his players despite the tough conditions. The Cape Town-born mentor has instilled a “win at all cost” mentality which has seen Usuthu climb up to sixth on the Premiership table as they continue to push for a top-four finish. “The character and personality the players are showing are immense,” added McCarthy. “We seem to manage to get three points and I can’t ask for any more than that.” Usuthu are next in action against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) on 21 March at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium.