LIKE Dan "Dance" Malesela, Morgan Mamilla has returned to Chippa Mpengesi. Joining him is Tshepo Motsoeneng who will be working under Chippa's son, Sandiso Mpengesi who's in twenties, owner of new club in the block, Buffalo City Metropolitan (BCM) Stars. But this time around Mammila is back in the Eastern Cape to unearth talented footballers for the newly formed Buffalo City Metropolitan (BCM) Stars. His mandate is to get the new boys in the club gain promotion to the Premier Soccer League (PSL). Mamilla is the first Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for BCM Stars, which was formerly known as Peace Makers FC, before Mpengesi's son, Sandiso Mpengesi, bought the club two months ago, which is campaigning in the ABC Motsepe League in the Eastern Cape. Mamilla told SunSport that his immediate task was to develop and revive soccer in East London, and surrounding areas and feed Chippa United with talented players. It goes without saying that BCM Stars will be another vehicle for Chippa when it comes developing players, and a youth academy for Chilli Boys. As its head coach, BCM Stars has acquired the services of Tshepo Motsoeneng, who was last month sacked by Bizana Pondo Chiefs.  Motsoeneng had taken Pondo Chiefs to the GladAfrica championships but after numerous defeats then his bosses showed him the door. Mamilla told SunSport: "I was approached by the son of the chairman, Sandiso Mpengesi. He said 'I don't want to inherit Chippa United as a chairman, but I want to build my own legacy'." "He asked me to come down here as a CEO to take the team to the PSL. Our plan is a five year plan to compete in the PSL, but once we are in the GladAfrica championships we will revise the plan and make other plans," he said. Mamilla said Sandiso's goals were advantageous because his father had signed a 20 year lease agreement with the municipality to acquire two stadiums - the Buffalo City and Jan Smuts Stadium, which will see BCM Stars utilising those stadiums in their preparations. BCM Stars are going to be under Siviwe Mpengesi's wing, said Mamilla.