Zulu warriors has started to pay their respect to their dead king Zwelithini. On Saturday they accompanied the king remains from Inkosi Albert Luthuli hospital mortuary to Icebo Lethu Mortuary in Nongoma where the remains of the king will be kept before the funeral. Singing tributes traditional songs while the king praise singers Buzetsheni Mdletshe, Mphathiseni Mncwango and Mqondisi Mkhize performed the king praise names as the traditional prayer for him to go well. Zulu monarch Prime minister Prince Mangosuthu address the mourner, traditional leaders, friends and relatives after the king remains was finally kept at the local mortuary near the king royal palaces. Buthelezi said he never thought that the incident he faced in 1968 where his cousin king Bhekuzulu died, he will face it again when King Zwelithini died. “I was hoping that King Zwelithini will be one who will bury but it has badly turned, I’m the one whose bury him. “I hate diabetics that claimed him. I also have diabetic but I hate when people saying I’m diabetics person because no one who has licked me” he said. Buthelezi said the king was health life was getting better and he got the pass out from the hospital to going at KwaKhethomndayo royal palace to slaughter a cow perform a cleansing ceremony after his son died last year. “When he was in the palace the situation got worse and he was admitted in the hospital again. In the hospital the situation was also worse and the helicopter took him to Inkosi Albert Luthuli hospital to advance treatment. “There was a team of 20 doctors treating him and Minister of Health Doctor Zweli Mkhize themselves tried to save the king’s life, but God decided to take him” he said. King Zwelithini’s son Prince Nhlanganiso told DailySun that they father taught them as princes and princess how to survive life. “My father had an iron hand on his princes teaching us life and to respect the life and people. He didn’t want us to behave like the king children and undermine other people but he wanted us to be like other people. “I’m happy that I managed to get married when my father was still alive and became a TB ambassador as my father was a champion of the health life” he said. Royal house is currently in the meeting to decide about the date of the funeral.