  From being humiliated and getting married at a young age to being forced to undergo a vasectomy - these were some of the experiences at the church that witnesses shared with the commission on Friday. The hearings arise out of allegations and complaints of abuses at the church. One of the former leaders who testified on Friday, Pastor Zenzi Sekwena, told the commission how he was forced to undergo a vasectomy after he got married. Sekwena got married at age 20 while his wife was 18.    He added his seniors also asked the wife if she wanted to have kids, to which she said no. Sekwena said although he had questions about why he had to undergo the procedure he could not ask out of fear. He added: They control your life; you are a slave, you are not allowed to think for yourself, they think for you. "You can't buy a house or buy furniture because the little money they give you which is the stipend … they make sure that once you are in, it is difficult to leave," Sekwena told the commission." "Those who are in prison now are far better than those who are at Universal Church."  "We were not allowed to have a house of our own, we were not allowed to have children, we were forced to have a vasectomy," the man added.   He claimed some pastors were now living in shacks and "eating in dustbins". The man said: We were abused by the church, we were humiliated on daily basis by the church, in pastors meetings, pastors were constantly rebuked and insulted, especially the African pastors. We suffered discrimination in the hands of Brazilian Bishops and Pastors. "He said when a pastor was ill, he would be dismissed and thrown outside without proper medication. "Today, I am not a father because we were told that the church cannot take care of you and your children. You must give birth to spiritual children, so they told us." A woman, who also testified at the commission, said the church had "deprived" her from having children.She added when her husband underwent the procedure, they were in their early twenties."As a wife in the Universal Church you don't have rights, you are told what to do. They tell you how to live your life. Our will was taken … we were told not to [attend] funerals. A lot of things happened that are really painful," she said. The woman alleged when she asked to go study, she was told she must "be in a camp because there was a time when God told the Israelites that they must stay and camp".     Ndaole said when he reported the matter to his seniors, he was told to "pack our bags". He added the church later told him to undergo another procedure - which he did. News24   