HAWKS spokeswoman, Colonel Katlego Mogale, said nine suspects are in custody for R53 million municipality fraud. According to Mogale the Hawks' National Clean Audit Task Team is fighting fraud and corruption within the municipalities in South Africa. She said nine suspects aged between 23 and 60, namely, Merriam Mogoera (60), Clement Makhanya (45), Mzamo Gumede (23), Martin Nhlapo (49), Christiaan Mnqayi (51), Wandile Malinga (38), Castano Manuel (48), Glen Spambo (39) and Cheryl Nel (59) appeared briefly in the Alexandra Magistrates court today (Friday) following their arrest on Thursday in different parts of Gauteng. Mogale said the nine suspects were arrested for allegedly defrauding the City of Tshwane Municipality of millions. "It is alleged that in December 2019, R53 million was stolen from the municipality after the system was allegedly hacked, cash was transferred to different bank accounts including that of Ayakhula Trading. "The former director of the company, Sithole and Mr Wegrostek were arrested immediately after the fraudulent transaction. She said the Ayakhula Trading is also implicated in similar fraudulent act where almost R1 billion JSE Trustee account was targeted by this business syndicate. The Hawks spokeswoman said alert action saw the National Task Team linking nine individuals to the attack on the municipality. According to Mogale, they will be charged for fraud and corruption and will appear at the Pretoria Special Commercial Crimes Court joining Sithole and Wegrostek. "The fight against looting of the municipality funds that cripple service delivery will continue until the perpetrators are prosecuted," she said. Mogale said Cheryl Nel and Glen Spambo were granted bail of R10 000 each and the rest of the suspects were denied bail, the matter was postponed to 12 March next week for further investigation and verification of the suspects addresses. She said that the accused will appear before Pretoria Special Commercial Crimes court next week for formal bail application.