Cheers erupted outside the Johannesburg Magistrate's Court after two students arrested for alleged public violence were released on R1 500 bail. On Friday students, some clad in EFF regalia, had gathered outside the court awaiting the bail outcome of two students who were arrested during protests in Braamfontein on Monday. Moses Leshodi, 29, and Orediretse Masebe, 25, appeared for their formal bail hearing before Magistrate Sipho Sibanyoni. On Monday, the pair were arrested alongside Siyasanga Tshembele and Sivuyile Mhatu. Tshembele and Mhatu were later released on R500 bail, but because Leshodi and Masebe had a pending case in Stellenbosch, Western Cape they were denied bail. The streets of Johannesburg were filled with activity in the last week as students from Wits and the University of Johannesburg took to the streets over non-registration and historical debts at higher education institutions. Reading the pair's affidavits to the court, defense lawyer, Advocate Lerato Moela said the two denied the public violence allegations against them. The students, through their affidavits, also informed the court that they were residing in Johannesburg and had no intention to evade their trial. Leshodi attended studies at the Central Johannesburg College while Masebe was a final year BA general student at Wits University. Moela informed the court that the two would be able to afford bail of R1 000 but were willing to raise more funds if the court granted them a amount in excess of this for their release. The two students had a pending case in Stellenbosch after they were arrested for contravening lockdown regulations during protests in August last year.  They were due to appear again for the case on 25 March.  Arguing their case, the pair told the court they were not involved in any commission of public violence, but were arrested outside a store after they had bought milk to place on their eyes due to the effects of teargas that was used during the protest.  "I submit that the state's case is not solid against me, that my innocence as well possibility of being acquitted are extremely high," Leshodi said in his affidavit.  Denied  Masebe also submitted that he denied the allegations levelled against him.  He added that the State would have to prove beyond reasonable doubt that he committed the crime.  Regarding his pending charge in the Western Cape, Masebe said: "I consequently was arrested and charged with contravening lockdown regulations. However, I was released on bail. I have been attending court proceedings in this matter.  "In a nutshell, I argue that I was involved in a peaceful protest against injustice, just like any other protest that occurred during the lockdown. We were also keeping social distancing."  The accused submitted they would be making representations in their Western Cape case at their next court date.  News24 previously reported that the two were facing a Schedule 5 offence due to them having another Schedule 1 pending case. Reading the investigating officer's affidavit, Prosecutor Nkosinathi Zuma submitted the State was, however, not opposed to their bail. The State alleged that the accused scattered garbage in the streets, inconveniencing motorists. The State submitted that the interests of justice permitted that the two be allowed bail. Delivering judgment, Magistrate Sibanyoni said the court was satisfied Leshodi and Masebe were not a flight risk and granted their bail.  Sibanyoni said the court was pleased that the two had placed reasonable circumstances permitting their bail. As part of their bail conditions, Leshodi and Masebe were expected to report at Hillbrow Police station on Fridays between 17:00 and 20:00.  "Accused 1 and 3 should not intimidate or threaten any of the state witnesses, directly or indirectly. [Accused] 1 and 3 should not be involved in any acts of violence whilst on bail," Sibanyoni said while delivering judgment.  The matter was postponed to 31 March.  *News24 previously reported that Masebe as Mosebe. This correct spelling of the surname has since been verified with the state. https://www.news24.com/news24/southafrica/news/court-grants-bail-to-two-students-arrested-amid-joburg-protests-20210319 