A world-class 200m line-up featuring the likes of Wayde van Niekerk, Akani Simbine and Anaso Jobodwana will headline the second ASA Athletix Invitational Meet powered by AVANTI at Ruimsig Athletics Stadium in Roodepoort, Johannesburg on Tuesday, 30 March. The men's half-lap race, starting at 3pm will feature some of South Africa's fastest men. Having won the 100m contest at last week's first leg of the ASA Athletix Invitational Meet powered by AVANTI, clocking 10.00 seconds with a tailwind, Commonwealth champion Simbine will turn out in the 200m event for the first time this season. Long-time friend and rival Van Niekerk struggled into a headwind in his season opener at Potchefstroom last week, but the Olympic 400m champion and world record holder will also be looking to showcase his form in the build-up to the ASA Senior Championships later next month. As he makes a return to the track, there will also be tremendous interest in former World Championships bronze medallist Anaso Jobodwana, who will be eager to make an impact. Then there’s in-form speedster Luxolo Adams, who will be aiming to cause an upset against his more experienced countrymen after finishing as runner-up in the 100m last Tuesday. In the field, a titanic battle is also expected in the men's javelin throw. The local charge will be spearheaded by former U20 World Championships silver medallist, Johann Grobler. He will have his hands full, however, against a line-up which includes Viteslav Vesely of the Czech Republic, who won the 2013 world title in Moscow and from former World Athletics Championships silver medallist Ihab Abdelrahman of Egypt. "We have a humdinger of a race in the 200m and an overall super lineup in all events,” said Aleck Skhosana, the President of Athletics South Africa. “The success and energy displayed in the first Meeting this past Tuesday has set the tone for the second leg next Tuesday. Next week's head-to-head line-up is already a package to behold, already boasting world class athletes who are ready to deliver with performance." Avanti Communications CEO Kyle Whitehill said: "All the athletes produced impressive performances at the first meeting after such a long time from top level competition. We are really looking forward to seeing them compete again at the second meeting on 30 March." -Athletic South Africa