IT’S almost 27 years into democracy, but women still don’t have it easy. Over the years, they’ve experienced inequality and violence, and the high-paying jobs and boardrooms are still mostly dominated by men. Despite these challenges, women work hard to provide for their families. Some are street vendors, recyclers, helpers, office cleaners or farm workers who earn below the minimum wage. But they are not giving up. Today is International Women’s Day and UN Women announced the theme is “Women in leadership: Achieving an Equal Future in a Covid-19 World”. Pearl Nqai (29) sells chicken dust in Protea Glen, Soweto to take care of her three children.  Three years ago, she lost her job as a street cleaner and since then she’s been doing piece jobs to feed her kids. She dropped out of school in grade 11 when she fell pregnant. Pearl told Daily Sun she was not intimidated to start her own business, but capital was her biggest obstacle. “I work for someone else and I get paid R350 a month for preparing and selling chicken dust. “It’s hard trying to survive as a woman. Opportunities are very scarce,” she said. Pearl told the People’s Paper that all her kids were on social grants and they lived in a rented room which cost R1 200 a month. “We end up with very little food to go through the month. I’m tired of begging their father for maintenance,” said Pearl. “I’m angry with the system and government for failing women. We don’t have a voice. “I wish government allocated a budget for women who want to start a business, because we are powerful and can make things happen. But there’s very small room for us in this country. “We’re reduced to being housewives and following men around for maintenance.” Irene Mkuna (50) from Tshepisong, near Soweto, has been a street vendor since 1999. She said she sold everything that was in demand, which she could afford to stock. She sold fruit and vegetables.  “This has helped me raise my kids. My second- born just finished matric. I’m a proud mother and I’m ready to give him the support he needs to further his studies,” said Irene. “Being an uneducated woman is hard. Government should consider us more and help us grow our businesses.” Rachel Mathebula (52) from Braamfischer in Soweto has been selling vegetables and snacks for years. She said she was able to put food on the table with the little money she made and to send her children to school. “I was severely affected during the hard lockdown because police destroyed our goods when they found us selling. It was difficult to access permits. Should the country go back to a harder lockdown, I ask government to make it easy for street vendors to continue selling. “I also urge young women struggling to find jobs to start their own small businesses and never rely on men to take care of them,” Rachel told the People’s Paper.