WHEN JACK Maswakhomu died in 2001, he left his three widows with a house each. But 20 years later, there is still fighting about ownership of one of the houses. AND THE BATTLE OF THE WIDOWS RAGES ON! Two of Jack’s widows live in Limpopo, while the third one lives in Chiawelo, Soweto. But Dorah (93), the first wife, who was allegedly married to Jack in community of property has sold the house in Chiawelo, leaving Fanisa (67), one of Jack’s widows, homeless. Fanisa’s furious daughter, Charlotte (36) from Chiawelo wants the law to urgently deal with the matter. She told Daily Sun they were harassed by Ronnie Mavundla, who claimed to have bought the house. “On 22 February, more than 20 men came into the house and told us to pack and go because the house doesn’t belong to us,” she said. “We asked them to give us a day to work out what was happening, but they wouldn’t listen. They destroyed the doors and took our furniture out.” She said they called the cops and the men left but told them it was only a warning. Fanisa said she didn’t benefit anything after her husband’s death. She said the fight started in 2017 when Dorah’s family evicted them. But Fanisa refused to leave as they had nowhere else to go.  “We tried to contact her family but they made it clear they want nothing to do with us,” said Fanisa. She said she was never friends with the first wife but they never had problems. “I guess she was acting like she loved me and my kids when our husband was still alive.” Speaking on behalf of Dorah, her daughter Christina (72) said the house belonged to her mum and she had every right to sell it. She said before Jack died, he instructed his wives to sell the house and share the money between them. “The house was supposed to be sold in 2002, but my mum decided to let them live there until the kids finished school. Now they’ve all finished school, but refuse to leave.” She confirmed the house was sold. The second wife, Rose (75) told Daily Sun she knew about the drama and that they had to split the money. “I’ve distanced myself because of the fighting. I don’t have a say anyway.” Ronnie said the house was in his name and was paid up already. He said he had Fanisa removed after she refused to move. “It’s nothing personal, but I’ve spent more than R100 000 on lawyers, dealing with this house issue.” Gauteng police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele said a harassment case was opened against Ronnie and a protection order issued.