THANDO
Mahlangu said an apology from the Boulders Shopping Centre will mean nothing to
him after he was humiliated by the centre manager on Wednesday. “I don't
want an apology, an apology is nothing bra, It won’t do anything for me, they
must pay.” “I want
them to compensate me, they must respect our people, if it was up to me, they should
donate to organisations that promote African languages and culture, they need
to pay,” Mahlangu told the People’s Paper. He also
said the shopping centre must advocate for their workers to respect cultures
and also have stores which sell cultural stuff around. The
manager, who claimed in a video that he is the owner of the centre has since
been suspended pending internal investigations. Mahlangu
said: “His suspension doesn’t move me, it is not something that I am happy
about because it is a fellow brother, but I want to know where he got the
directive to tell me those things.” He said the
incident took him back to 2018, after he was kicked out of a Gautrain for
wearing the same attire and suffered depression as a result of the incident. “Gautrain
did exactly the same thing. It is happening for the second time. The first time
I had depression for three months, it takes me back to the first incident,” he
said. Detailing
how the ordeal started, Mahlangu said he was approached by a security guard who
was given an order to tell him to go. “The
security said to me, ‘I’m sorry man, the owner of this building said you are
not allowed here because you making customers uncomfortable.” He said he
told the man to go and call the person who gave him that order, and suddenly
here was the manager with the red blazer. “When the
manager came, I didn’t think he would say the things he said. I just saw a
fellow black brother, I thought he wanted to take photos with me and I didn’t
know he was the manager.” Mahlangu
said he heard from the tone of this voice that he's the manager when he started
speaking. “He told me
it was his building, and that he owns it and also said that I am disturbing his
customers. “He also
told me I'm wearing underwear, this is not underwear, this is leather,” he
said. He said so
far, since the incident management of the mall has not been in contact with him
regarding the incident. Redefine
Properties said in a statement, we respect the choice of all South Africans to
dress, associate, and assert their identity and cultural beliefs. As an
immediate measure, we will strengthen diversity training efforts to all our
Centre Managers. “This
matter has also illuminated for us, the need to continually review and revise
our internal policies on an on-going basis, in order to ensure that our
policies are brought in line with the values and principles that recognise and
celebrate the multitude of cultures that make up our diverse nation. “We are in
the process of attempting to reach Mr. Mahlangu to apologise to him in person.” 