MFULENI residents live in fear after four people were shot and killed on Sunday afternoon. Gunmen stormed a tavern twice on separate occasions in Iligwa Street extension 6, killing a total of four people. When the SunTeam visited the area, a family member who didn’t want to be named said the deceased were his brothers. One of them ran the tavern. According to the family member, before the first shooting his brother had a scuffle with an unknown man who was disturbing the patrons. They realised he was armed, took the firearm, and told him he’d get it when he left. “He left, and when he came back he was accompanied by three other men,” said the family. “They demanded the firearm, but my brother told them he’d fetch it and they should come back in a moment. They started shooting indiscriminately and fled the scene.” After the incident, relatives from Kraaifontein visited after they heard about the incident. While they were there, the gunmen came again and killed two more people. “We’re terrified. We don’t know what’s going to happen next because these people keep coming to shoot us,” said the family member. Residents told the SunTeam they heard gunshots in the afternoon on Sunday, 28 March. “I’d just come from church when I heard the gunshots. I lost count of the gunshots, so I knew someone must have died,” said Amos Mzingwane (44). “When I went out I saw people gathered at the tavern, with bodies and injured people on the ground.” Colonel Andre Traut said detectives were investigating circumstances surrounding separate incidents which led to the deaths in Mfuleni. “On Sunday afternoon at about 13.30pm, three males aged 32, 39 and one with an unknown age were shot and killed in Iligwa Street extension 6, Mfuleni,” said Traut. “A fourth victim sustained a gunshot wound and was hospitalised. “Four suspects fled and are yet to be arrested. In the evening, a 29-year-old man was shot and killed in a tavern in Shire Street extension 6, Mfuleni, by unknown suspects who’re yet to be arrested.  