THIS squatter camp is like no other. This is because there are more white people than black people in the area. The abelungu are happy to live in Munsieville squatter camp, Krugersdrop. They don’t even mind using the bucket system or sharing a communal tap. And when it rains, they suffer like other residents. Although abelungu are getting used to the living conditions, they wish government gave them proper service delivery.  Resident Elize Sounders told Daily Sun they’ve been living in the area for six years after she was kicked out of her place in Coronation Park as the area was being developed. “The people of Munsieville who live in nearby RDP houses were so welcoming when we first arrived. They did not discriminate against us,” she said. The 44-year-old mother of three said although they did not have toilets, she appreciated the fact that the municipality recently installed electricity for them. “This shows that we are slowly getting there. Hopefully we will have RDP houses soon,” she said. She said they applied for RDP houses, but many have not been approved yet. She said their kids went to school in Coronation Park and used scholar transport. Elize said although no one in the family of eight worked, they shared the little they had with the community. “I started a soup kitchen the moment I arrived in the squatter camp. I rely on donations from sponsors,” she said. Another resident, Johan Kotze (44), said he didnt have a stable salary and relied on piece jobs. The 44-year-old father of two also lived in Coronation Park before moving to the squatter camp. He said living there taught him a big lesson.  “I have learnt that sharing is caring. We are thankful for the little we have because there are people who have nothing.” He said their biggest challenge was rain. “Water gets into our shacks and we end up sleeping on chairs,” he said. Johan’s wish is for the municipality to give them the go ahead to build their own houses. “That way we can be able to build stronger structures. Life will become a lot better,” he said. Squatter Mikel Mabaso (39) said: “We live very nicely with abelungu.”