UNSTOPPABLE! That is the Mamelodi Sundowns juggernaut at the moment. The Tshwane giants just keep swatting aside just about every opponent put in front of them in recent months. In what was their 10th win on the spin, Downs beat TP Mazembe 1-0 in their Caf Champions League encounter played at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Tuesday night. Lebohang Maboe scored the only goal of the match to help Downs extend their unbeaten run to 25 matches in all competitions. They further tightened their grip on Group B, extending their lead at the top to a whopping eight points. They are now all but assured to finish first in their group and have already secured passage to the quarter-finals of the Champions League. The Brazilians are yet to drop a point in the competition having won all four of their matches so far for a perfect record. They have done the double over Mazembe, whom they beat 2-1 away from home just over a week ago. They made history as they ended Mazembe's 74-match unbeaten record in Africa. Downs came into this particular clash fresh from a hard-fought 2-1 win over Stellenbosch FC in the league. The Brazilians, who were without suspended defender Ricardo Nascimento and striker Kermit Erasmus, did not seem to miss the instrumental pair. They went about business early in the half with Maboe finishing off a smooth move to hand his side the lead. Mazembethen looked to respond shortly before halftime with Tresor Mputu forcing a save off Onyango from a powerful shot. In the second half, the Congolese outfit attempted to up the ante as they looked to claw their way back into the match but it was not to be as they suffered their second defeat in the competition. Meanwhile, Kaizer Chiefs’ struggles continued in Luanda, Angola as they were held to a goalless draw by Petro de Luanda. The result leaves Gavin Hunt’s charges in a rather precarious position in what is their debut in the group stages. They still have some work to do if they are to progress out of Group C currently topped by Wydad Casablanca. Chiefs are third behind the Moroccan side and Guinean outfit Horoya Athletic Club. 