THE ANC is shooting itself in the foot with its National
Executive Committee resolution that compels secretary-general Ace Magashule to
step aside as he is facing criminal charges. This is the view of EFF leader Julius Malema as he weighed
in on the latest developments at his former political home. Malema said he is doubtful President Cyril Ramaphosa knew
what he was doing by allowing such a decision as Magashule was elected by branches.
He said the president should let the same structures decide Magashule’s fate. “It’s self-destruction. The party is imploding and there is
nothing we can do about it. It’s dying a natural death but Cyril is making a
terrible mistake. You cannot remove a secretary-general through Zoom. “I don’t know, he is badly advised. Maybe he saw that
Magashule’s (camp) is disorganised. “Secretary-general, I don’t think they know what that
position includes. That position is not a position you just wake up and attack. “That is the belly of the party. So you are attacking the
party from the belly. I am just giving a position as a political commentator,
it’s a horrible decision,” said Malema. In offering his advice, Malema said an ideal process would
be to mobilise branches and convene a special conference or a national general
council and communicate to the branches that there have been developments
around the secretary-general and allow branches to discuss the resolution. In this case, Malema opined that Ramaphosa has moved ahead
of the branches with a timely group of elites and not with the rank-and-file
members of the organisation. He said the party once did that with the late
Winnie Madikizela-Mandela when she was removed from the ANC Women’s League and
a Durban conference demanded that she be reinstated. The party also repeated that with former president Jacob
Zuma and he too was reinstated by a conference. “They are making another mistake. They did that with the
Youth League, expelling its own president and its leadership by a tiny minority
in the party. Today they are in a permanent crisis of a party called the EFF on
their own creation...” he said. Malema was referring to his expulsion and the top structure
of the ANCYL. Once expelled he and some league members, notably his deputy
Floyd Shivambu, joined him to form the red berets. Malema said Magashule was elected by ANC branches with all
the scandals hanging over his head. “They like them like that anyway,” he said. 