SOUTH African football legends – Jomo Sono and Fetsi “Chippa” Molatedi – have given the thumbs up to Patrice Motsepe’s ascendancy to the top Confederation of African (Caf)’s hot seat as president. Motsepe, expected in Rabat, Morocco today, will run unopposed for the vacant Caf presidential elections after the Malagasy Ahmad Ahmad was banned for two years from all football activities. Three of Motsepe’s closest opponents – Jacques Anouma, Augustin Senghor and Ahmed Yahya – withdrew from the race and cut a deal with him, under the watchful eye of Fifa president Gianni Infantino. All 54 Caf federations, led by their respective presidents, will converge at Morocco tomorrow during the 42nd edition of their Ordinary General Assembly, where the new president will be elected, as well as his office bearers. Celebrated South African club owner and coach, Sono, owner of Jomo Cosmos, believes Motsepe will transform the Caf administration and lead it to calmer waters. “Africa has a history of squandering money. Africa has always had the problem of money and leadership,” said Sono yesterday. “I think he will restructure African football administration better than all former presidents. We just hope by the time his term ends (in 2026), he would have restructured African football. I pray for him. “If you look at it today, when there’s a case with any of the African federations, or clubs, it goes straight to Fifa. Why is it not going to Caf though it’s an African matter. But it’s not the case in Europe, Fifa don’t know what is happening in Africa. “Look at what he’s turned Mamelodi Sundowns into today. It’s difficult to compete with Sundowns in South Africa, and even in Africa. They have a big chance of qualifying for the Champions League final again.” When asked about facts on Motsepe’s manifesto, like ensuring all African countries have Video Assistant Referee (VAR), which is believed to be expensive and reported that the equipment could cost around an estimated R87 million a season, Sono stated: “It is going to be possible for him to bring it to countries, maybe Fifa can donate the equipment. “With him (Motsepe) it’s different. His interest is all about football. “I don’t think his interest is about money. He’s the only guy who put in money into amateur football at Safa, where they had first prize of R1 million. “You can see that he loves the game. He’s brought teams like Barcelona here in South Africa. He loves the game. I think he took it from his late father (ABC Motsepe), because too he loved the game dearly.” Molatedi also endorsed the highly-awaited ascendancy of Motsepe: “Remember, since he came into football, everything changed. I definitely support his election for Caf president.”