IT was a bloodly weekend for KZN as eight people were gunned down in two separate incidents on one night. On Saturday, 27 March, five men from Amakhasi in Ladysmith aged 25-40 were gunned down and three others from Bester near KwaMashu aged 28-57 were also hit. It is yet not clear who killed the men and why. A resident from Amakhasi told Daily Sun the men were friends as they were sitting together in a car when they were shot. The resident said they were found with multiple gun shot wounds all over their bodies inside the car. “We are not sure what led to this tragic incident. We heard from people living close to where the incident happened saying they heard gun shots at night. But none of them know what really happened.” And in the other incident in Bester, four men were walking down the road when unknown suspects came up to them and opened fire. Muzi Makhoba (28), Mvelo Mfekayi (36) and Sibusiso Zakwe (57) died, while a 35-year-old man survived. A relative of one of the men told Daily Sun they were coming from a nearby tavern heading home when they were shot. “We are not sure what led to this shooting. But we just heard gun shots. Other people who were on the road managed to escape unharmed,” said the resident. The relative said the families were emotional after this tragic incident. Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that charges of murder were investigated at Ekuvukeni SAPS. She said five men were found with gunshot wounds in a vehicle along Helpmekaar Road in Amakhasi. “They sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the body and were declared dead at the scene. The matter is still under investigation.” Captain Nqobile Gwala also confirmed that charges of murder and attempted murder were investigated by Ntuzuma SAPS. Gwala said around 9pm on Saturday, four men were walking down Maphumulo Road in Bester when they were shot at by unknown suspects. “Three victims were declared dead at the scene, while the fourth was rushed to hospital for medical attention. The motive for the attack is unknown at this stage.”