THE man renowned for spotting some of the best raw talents locally and beyond Mzansi’s borders, Jomo Sono, is taking massive steps toward further enhancing his player scouting legacy. This after the legendary Jomo Cosmos boss and coach recently launched the second of nine planned Jomo Sono Soccer Schools in Joburg at the weekend. The first school was launched in Thulamahashe, Mpumalanga. The initiative will be targeting kids from under 8 to 19 in a bid to improve their basic football skills and fast track their careers in the beautiful game. The project is expected to be national as they are looking to having a soccer school in every province. Sono’s son, Bamuza, is the leader of the project and is excited by the amount of talent that will get the much-needed skills training and exposure. He believes this will improve the standard of diski in Mzansi. He reckons there aren’t enough initiative such as this one. “We will be going around identifying some of the best young talents across the country and then helping them fast track their careers in football,” said Sono. “We will also be identifying certain teams that will join us and be part of the initiative. “If you look at the current state of football in the country, it’s lacking. The thing that we have identified is the development structures that are not as strong as they should be. “The coaching aspect is also lacking. The kids are willing to go play. They have the talent, but the coaching is lacking. We want to bridge the gap between coaching and the players. “We also want to ensure that young players have all the basics of football, which will make things easier as they progress in their careers. These days, you get a 19-year-old boy, but you still need to train him like a 14-year-old because the foundation was never laid. “Overseas they start their players as early as four years. They give them all the basics at a young age and that makes a big difference.Hence they become so good later on.” Sono has long been one of the leaders in discovering and developing new football talent, having recruited the likes of Phil Masinga, Helman Mkhalele, Sizwe Motaung and Mark Fish, among others.