LACK OF game time for some of coach David Notoane’s South African Under-23 players has made it difficult to fine-tune his squad for the Olympic games. With 17 weeks before the start of 2020 Tokyo Olympics in Japan, Notoane is still not happy with other positions in his team. Notoane singled out the goalkeeping department as his main concern at the moment. With keepers such as Mondli Mpoto, Thakasani Mbanjwa, and Darren Johnson not getting game time at their respective clubs, Notoane says he might be forced to plug the gap with overaged stoppers like Ricardo Goss and Ronwen Williams. His squad, which consists of locally-based players, is currently in Durban for training camp where he is assessing them. “At this stage we will have to choose between him (Goss) and Williams based on the international experience they have.,” Notoane told SunSport on Wednesday. “We will have to make selection, Mbanjwa and the other under-23 goalkeepers are not getting game time which makes things difficult for us at the moment. At the end of the day we are looking at the experience at the international level.” Notoane revealed that he might also select overaged players in other positions for the Olympic games set to begin 23 July. He revealed: “At the moment, we are looking at the left-back and center-back. Those are the position we want to improve. “Upfront I believe we have enough fire power with the likes of Luther Singh, Lyle Foster and Evidence Makgopa doing well at this stage, I’m impressed with them.” Notoane’s side will not play any international friendly in the current Fifa break. He revealed that they would play two local teams to assess the players readiness. He added: “We will play Golden Arrows on Thursday at 3pm, and that will be followed by another friendly match against Maritzburg United on Saturday.” Notoane is confident that in the next Fifa break in June, he will have a fully flashed squad that include  overseas-based players. He concluded: “It is unfortunate that the likes of Gift Links, Sphephelo Sithole and Khanya Leshabela couldn’t join us. But in June they will be part of the squad.”  