UNDER-FIRE ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule has
refused to say whether he’ll step aside after 30 days as directed by the
National Executive Committee but vowed to remain a party member. Magashule told journalists in Soweto during a visit to
plant trees he wasn’t intending to form or join any other political party. He said he was part of the NEC decision. Asked whether he’d step aside in 28 days, Magashule
said the matter should be left to the ANC to deal with. Magashule has been given 30 days during which to
consult with former leaders of the ANC. But President Cyril Ramaphosa, in communicating the
NEC statement, emphasised the decision was final. Magashule couldn’t say whether he’d launch a legal
challenge if the consultation didn’t yield favourable results, again saying the
party must be given space to deal with the matter. “I’m not going anywhere. Me, Ace Magashule, I’ll never
establish any new party. I’ll never go anywhere to join any other party,” vowed
Magashule. “I’ll live and die in the ANC. I’ve been there in the
struggle. I didn’t join the struggle yesterday. “I’ve been there. I’ve remained a loyal member of the
ANC. I’ve served the ANC with dignity, respect and discipline. “My blood will remain green and gold. I’ll die in the
ANC. I’ll never form another party.” He revealed that the first former leader he’d consult
with is former treasurer Mathews Phosa, who he said had indicated he’d be
available on 11 April. His office was also checking with former president
Jacob Zuma to finalise the date and time. He’d also consult with former deputy president Kgalema
Motlanthe and former president Thabo Mbeki. But will he still be secretary-general after the 30
days expire? “Let’s wait and see after 30 days. The organisation
has decided. It’s taken its decision, in line with Nasrec resolutions,”
Magashule said when asked if he’d go to court if suspended. “I support Nasrec resolutions. You don’t resolve ANC
matters through a court of law. You resolve them through politics.” Magashule joked with journalists that he wasn’t losing
sleep over the decision, saying he wasn’t stressed at all. “Look at me. Am I stressed? Can you see I’m fit? No
headache, no disease, no whatever, and I’m fine and part of the NEC
collective,” he said. 