MAMELODI residents are angry and say they need urgent answers
from the government as well as the municipality. On Saturday, the residents took to the streets to make their
grievances heard, but when no one came to welcome their memorandum, things got
worse. The residents one hundred residents  who marched from  Balebogeng in Mamelodi East to HM Pitjie
Stadium in Mamelodi West are saying the negligence of the stadium is hurting
them and want answers from the government. According to residents, HM Pitje Stadium was beacon of
Mamelodi and almost every weekend they would watch Mamelodi Sundowns playing in
front of their doorstep which now a dream. Some residents even said they would walk to the stadium to
watch the beautiful game. One concerned resident: "Please Makhura help us to
renovate the stadium we love it and it was making us generate income. "We as residents of Mamelodi we demand answers on why
the stadium is neglected. “Thugs are stealing everything that they can get hold of,”
he said. Boxie Shogole (38) organiser of a Pressure Group and
Movement #Bring Back HM Pitjie Stadium said scavengers are doing as they please
at the stadium. "We are disgruntled residents who want to see the
stadium getting attention and being fixed. "It has been since a white elephant, we want to meet
with government to engage on the way forward. "The residents are angry and demand answers and a
solution from the authority. "This stadium is vandalised, and we need it to be fixed
to improve the lives of residents. The residents are becoming frustrated and
will not vote anyone,” he said He said all stakeholders in Mamelodi are informed. "Mamelodi is dead, there is no activity, we blame the
government," he said. He said they must fix the stadium, sponsors are waiting even
Sundowns can give us two or so matches, in fact we miss those beautiful times
when teams will come and return empty handed. Thabo Mabusela (36) said: "The stadium carries a huge
history, we want it back."  City of Tshwane Acting Chief of Staff Jordan Griffiths said:
"We are in the process of finalising the upgrading of HM Pitje stadium. He said on Thursday last week they met with Gauteng MEC of
Sports, Arts, Culture and Recreation, Mbali Hlophe, to discuss the stadium
matter. "It was decided that an intergovernmental strategic
committee will be set up. It will specifically deal with the construction of HM
Pitjie stadium. "At the moment, there are plans to demolish the
stadium. The provincial government has allocated a budget for this and the city
has approved the demolishing permit and the demolishing is expected to start in
September. "A more sustained funding model for the stadium is now
being pursued in earnest. Private organisations such as the Motsepe Foundation,
private business and other government departments are being engaged secure a
sustainable future for HM Pitjie stadium," he said.