ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule and any member
charged with a serious crime have 30 days to step aside or face suspension. This was the decision of the party’s national
executive committee as announced by President Cyril Ramaphosa following an
extended NEC meeting in what is a huge victory for the CR17 faction. Ramaphosa announced that Magashule will use the 30
days to consult with the party’s former leaders namely his ally former
president Jacob Zuma and former president Thabo Mbeki. Ramaphosa said the NEC reaffirmed the Resolutions of
the 54th National Conference on ANC Credibility and Integrity, as well as
decisions of NEC meetings on 28-30 August and 6-9 December 2020 on the
implementation of these resolutions. The meeting further resolved that these resolutions
must be implemented in line with the Guidelines and Procedures adopted by the
NEC at its meeting on 13-14 February 2021. “All members who have been charged with corruption or
other serious crimes must step aside within 30 days, failing which they should
be suspended in terms of Rule 25.70 of the ANC Constitution. The meeting
emphasised that the 30 day period will be to enable the implementation of the
decision in line with the guidelines, not to review the decision. “The NEC also agreed that the Provincial Chairpersons
and Secretaries would meet with the National Officials during that time to
further refine the guidelines to ensure the resolution can be effectively and
practically implemented,” he said. Magashule’s office has been tasked with informing its
members who had been charged that they had a month within which to vacate the
office. Also, the meeting welcomed Magashule’s decision to use this time to
seek the counsel of past leaders. Ramaphosa urged all members to support the NEC
decision and refrain from engaging in any acts of indiscipline NEC including
through mobilizations or making public statements that undermine conference
resolutions. The president had harsh words for the Radical Economic
Transformation Forces, saying any grouping within the party that uses party
resources to arrange meetings of any kind will be dealt with accordingly. “The NEC expressed concern at the use of the name of
Umkhonto we Sizwe to promote factionalism in the ANC and engage in acts of
social instability. The meeting warned against utterances or actions that bring
the proud history and noble legacy of Umkhonto we Sizwe into disrepute,” he
said in a clear reference to the league which has come out in support of
Magashule and Zuma. He said the NEC has resolved that a conference to
unite MKMVA National Council should be held as a matter of urgency. A youth
league preparatory committee was also agreed to and its members must be young
people under the age of 35.