GOLDEN
Arrows and Cape Town City could not produce the same glut of the goals they
produced in the first leg on Saturday when they drew 1-1 in a DStv Premiership match at Sugar Ray
Xulu Stadium. The
draw saw Arrows reclaiming the second spot in the log standings with 36 points from 20 games, three points behind log
leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. For
City, they move to seventh on the table with 26 points also from 20 games The
last time these two sides met - City thumped Arrows 4-2 at Cape Town Stadium
late in January. That saw City end Arrows’ 13 unbeaten league run.
Interestingly, that was the last City won the league match. City
also scored four goals past Arrows to win 4-1 when last season was completed in
the bio bubble in Gauteng. Expecting the same outcome, City were facing an
Arrows side that has just suffered one league loss at home this season. This
game was two best ball playing and attacking teams. In scoring today’s game,
both teams became the first side to score 30 goals apiece. City,
without their suspended top scorer Mduduzi Mdantsane, showed that they
wanted to end their winless run of six games now in all competitions. Nigeria
international Abdul Ajagun tapped into the empty net just four minute the game
had started. This
after winger Craig Martin’s thunder strike was palmed away by Sifiso Mlungwana
to Ajagun who picked up the pieces. City
were expected to score. At least one first half goal they have scored in 89% of
league games this season. While
City were aiming to keep that record intact, Arrows levelled the matters in the
13th minute through Velemseni Ndwandwe. Seth Parusnath’s free kick
was half-cleared and Ndwandwe was unmarked to tuck home the equaliser. Thabani
Zuke almost gifted City a second goal. He could not clear the ball at the back
and it allowed Aubrey Ngoma to fire. But the former Orlando Pirates winger
fluffed the chance to see his sliding shot go wide. Five
minute in the second half, Martin was late to slide after Terence Mashego
escaped Arrows’ defence on the left-hand side. A
minute later Arrows got their own chance. Pule Mmodi, inside the box of City;
toe poked the ball wide with goal gapping in front of him. While
the game lost the pace in the second stanza, City had a better scoring chance.
They had a shot cleared off the line by Divine Lunga and Fagrie Lakay, who
scored his first ever hat-trick in the bubble when these sides met last year,
had a penalty claim turned down by referee Jelly Chavani. Lakay was also
unlucky to see his shot come off the crossbar later in the game.