FOUR family members that were killed in their home in the Nkanini area of Eshowe, northern KZN, two weeks ago will be laid to rest today, Saturday 6 March. Wife Bhikho (62), her daughter Mbali (29) and grandchildren Thabo (10) and Elihle Khumalo (7) will be laid to rest in Inanda, north of Durban. They were shot and killed along with Bhikho’s husband Christopher (72) and niece Snothile (18), who have been buried already in Nkanini in two separate funeral services. A relative who is a social worker, Sthembiso Mthimkhulu (36), is the main suspect in this massacre. He is facing six counts of murder and has previously appeared in the Eshowe Magistrates Court. On the day of the incident, it is alleged that he broke the door with an axe, called all the deceased to one bedroom where he asked them about witchcraft allegations before opening fire on all of them. Only a nine-year-old child made it out alive after hiding. Bhikho’s sister Thokozani Sigampu revealed that her sister indicated in December last year that their lives were in danger in Nkanini. “So much so that they chose to spend the entire festive season with us in our home in Inanda but because we knew the Khumalo family as Christians, we never thought that the threats that Bhikho told us about were likely to come true just two months later,” said Thokozani. Tensions that brewed between the Sigampu and Khumalo families after the massacre seemed to be the reason why the funerals were split into three. The Sigampus are burying their four loved ones today, the Khumalos buried Christopher last week while the Hlongwanes (Snothile’s mum’s family) also buried her last week. Daily Sun reported that police, neighbours and the families only discovered the killings a day after the incident. This after a family member who had gone to give birth in a local hospital stumbled upon the lifeless bodies of her family when she returned home a day after the incident. It is alleged that upon her arrival she noticed that goats were supposed to be taken out to graze in the veld were inside the kraal. When she walked closer to the house, she noticed that the door handle was broken. When she got inside the house, she saw blood stains that led her into a bedroom where six of her family members were lying dead in a pool of blood. It is alleged that she screamed for help and that is when she discovered that the nine-year-old survived.