AN inmate and prison warder locked themselves in a room for some poking fun. And the intimate moment was caught on camera, with the video making waves on social media yesterday. The inmate is doing life for rape, robbery, housebreaking, attempted murder and attempted rape. He was sentenced in 2008. According to a source, the woman was previously suspended for a different offence. The matter is still a subject of an internal disciplinary process. However, social media users were not pleased as it appeared the warder was aware the incident was being filmed. Some asked why she’d allow herself to be filmed. Others wondered whether she was married. A voice note of an unknown man claiming to be her former colleague also made the rounds, expressing his disappointment and saying the warder was married. “Her husband doesn’t work at Correctional Service. Everyone knows them and their kids.” He said she was recently suspended after an inmate escaped. “A prisoner asked for cash at the prisoners’ cashier the day before the escape. She broke the law and gave him the money directly, which she was not supposed to do,” he said. “I wonder how they’ll handle all this. I just hope she doesn’t kill herself.” Social media users also shared their disappointment. “I understand sneaking around and having a little bit of fun. “But I really don’t understand the reason behind taking a video, throwing your whole career away for a bit of fun.” “I wish I felt bad for her, but she was well aware of everything and they don’t look like they’re under the influence of alcohol. “Imagine your family seeing this on social media. This is just disgusting and disappointing to say the least,”she said. A photo of the warder and another man also emerged, with social media users claiming the inmate was actually her husband. In addition, some people alleged she had killed herself. But correctional services spokesman Singabakho Nxumalo said she was still alive. He said the incident took place at Ncome Prison in KZN, and the warder would be subjected to a disciplinary process. “Disciplinary measures have also been instituted against the inmate,” he said. Nxumalo emphasised that sexual activities between inmates and officials were shameful. He urged people to stop sharing the video.