NJABULO Ngcobo is going nowhere! So emphasised Swallows FC chairman, David Mogashoa, amid reports that the 26-year-old is set to part ways with the club in June, when his contract expires. But that won’t happen, according to Mogashoa who said Ngcobo still have another two years to serve the Dube Birds. Mogashoa said they have agreed with Ngcobo to exercise their right to extend his contract for another two years. He stated that this happened late last month “and the player has a copy of this extended contract”. “The contract has been extended for another two years,” revealed Mogashoa. “Remember, when he joined us we included a two-year option on his contract, and the option was activated last month. You know we had to do it before the end of May.” Ngcobo, who joined the club at the beginning of this season from GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi FC, had a contract with Swallows that was due to expire in June. When Ngcobo joined Swallows, he was handed only a one-year deal with a two-year option to renew. The option meant the club had an exclusive right to exercise it, with the player having little to say about it. If Swallows didn’t exercise this option, Ngcobo had the right to sign pre-contract with a club of his choice. He is the only Swallows player to have played all 16 (1 440 minutes, plus) league matches without being taken off in what is an incredible campaign for the Soweto giants this season. At first, Swallows were reluctant to hand the former AmaZulu defender a long-term contract, but he’s earned his stripes. Mogashoa added that coach Brandon Truter holds Ngcobo in high regards. According to Mogashoa, Ngcobo won’t stay long in the PSL and clubs abroad will soon sign him. It has come to light that Kaizer Chiefs are eyeing his talents and were hoping to grab him in June when they would be able to sign new players afters serving a Fifa ban. “I think he’s got a lot of potential and I don’t think he’ll be around South Africa in the next three years,” assured Mogashoa. “I think in the next two years he’ll be going overseas.” With Ngcobo’s contract secured, the club have to sort that of powerful winger Kgaogelo Sekgota. The former Bidvest Wits winger will see his contract end in June after signing a one-year deal in November last year.