SUSPECT Sfiso Khumalo (40) was remanded in custody by the Middelburg Magistrates Court in Mpumalanga on Tuesday, 2 March in a R700 000 fraud case. He was arrested after it was published on 6 October 2020 in the media that he was wanted for fraud concerning RDP houses. According to Mpumalanga Hawks spokeswoman Captain Dineo Sekgotodi, the arrest followed the warrant of arrest issued against him after he was warned to appear before the Middelburg Court on 24 July 2020 and he did not honour the order. “It is alleged that in October 2018, Sylvia Nyandeni (43), an employee of Steve Tshwete Municipality, allegedly colluded with Khumalo to defraud applicants of RDP houses in Middelburg. Nyandeni misrepresented herself as having the authority to receive money from the destitute applicants and the defrauded victims were given details for a bank account belonging to Khumalo to deposit the funds which amounted to just over R700 000. “The pair reportedly shared the proceeds afterwards. Nyandeni and Khumalo were summoned to appear before the Middelburg Magistrates Court on 24 July 2020, however only Nyandeni managed to honour the court appearance while Khumalo sent a sick note stating he was not feeling well. The court ordered that Khumalo appear alongside Nyandeni on the follow-up date which was scheduled for 20 August 2020, he was informed accordingly but he once again absconded. “The court consequently issued a warrant of arrest against Khumalo and he was eventually arrested by members of Mpumalanga Crime Intelligence during their intelligence-driven operation. The case against the suspect is postponed to 30 March to join the first accused,” said Sekgotodi. The provincial head for the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation Major General Zodwa Mokoena applauded the work done by the team of law enforcements agencies. “We urge members of communities to continue reporting such incidents to the investigating officer Sergeant Amos Mahlangu on 071 481 3069, by contacting Crime Stop on 0860 010111 or by sending a tip-off via the MySAPS app. All information received will be treated with the strictest confidence,” said Mokoena.