Dry cracked heels are a problem for a lot of people, especially now that the summer season is here. Most times we neglect out feet until it's time to show them off. No one wants to rub their feet against someone and hurt them or leave them with scratches or with stab wounds, so it is important to take care of our feet. There are many factors that may cause cracked feet, i.e standing for long hours ,walking around barefoot, or with open-back sandals, taking long hot showers, using harsh soaps that, can strip your skin of natural oils, shoes that don’t fit properly or support your heels, dry skin due to climate, such as cold temperatures or low humidity and if you don’t moisturize your feet regularly, they may dry out even faster. Medical problems such as vitamin deficiency, fungal infection, hypothyroidism, atopic dermatitis, juvenile plantar dermatosis, psoriasispalmoplantar keratoderma, causes abnormal skin thickening on the soles and palms, obesity, pregnancy and aging can also cause very dry skin which may lead to cracked heels. Some cracked heel go so deep that they even cause pain and an intervention is needed in this case. Here are some treatments you can do to heal or prevent cracked heels according to HealthLine: 1. Soak and exfoliate your feetThe skin around cracked heels is often thicker and drier than the rest of your skin. This skin tends to split when you apply pressure. Soaking and moisturizing your feet can help with this. Here are some tips.For a foot soak:- Keep your feet in lukewarm, soapy water for up to 20 minutes.- Use a loofah, foot scrubber, or pumice stone to remove any hard, thick skin.- Gently pat your feet dry.- Apply a heel balm or thick moisturizer to the affected area.- Apply petroleum jelly over your feet to lock in moisture. Put on socks to avoid spreading any grease around.- Avoid scrubbing your feet when they’re dry. This increases your risk for damaged skin.2. Liquid bandageYou can also apply liquid bandage to cracks to seal the wound and prevent infections or further cracking. This product comes as a spray, which means you can go about your day without worrying about the bandage coming off. Liquid bandage is a good option for treating deep heel cracks that may bleed.Apply liquid bandage to clean, dry skin. As the crack heals, the coating is forced to the skin’s surface. You can buy this product without a prescription at a drug store or online.Some people report success using super glue to close skin cracks. One 1999 case study observed ten people who used two to three drops of super glue along each crack. They held the crack together for 60 seconds to allow it to seal. About a week later, they reported the cracks to be closed and pain-free. But commercial super glue can be toxic, depending on the brand. Talk to your doctor before trying this approach.3. HoneyHoney may work as a natural remedy for cracked heels. According to a 2012 review, honey has antimicrobial and antibacterial properties. Research shows that honey can help heal and cleanse wounds, and moisturize the skin. You can use honey as a foot scrub after a soak, or apply it as a foot mask overnight.4. Coconut oilCoconut oil is often recommended for dry skin, eczema, and psoriasis. It can help your skin retain moisture. Using coconut oil after a foot soak could be a good option, too. Coconut oil’s anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial properties may your cracked heels if they’re prone to bleeding or infections.5. Other natural remediesThere are many other home remedies for cracked heels, although none are proven to specifically treat cracked heals. Most ingredients focus on moisturizing and softening the skin.These include:- vinegar, for a foot soak- olive or vegetable oil, to moisturize- shea butter, to moisturize- mashed bananas, to moisturize- paraffin wax, to seal in moisture- oatmeal mixed with oil, for exfoliation