ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer wants his side to carry their form in cup competitions into the DStv Premiership. The Buccaneers have been near impeccable in cups this season but not so much in the league. They had a successful run in the MTN 8 which culminated with them winning the competition and ending a lengthy drought. They are now doing well in the Nedbank Cup, reaching the quarter-finals after coming from behind to beat Maritzburg United 3-1 in the last-16 at the weekend. The Soweto giants are now preparing to face either defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns or Polokwane City in the next stage. Bucs have also been impressive in the Caf Confederation Cup, reaching the group stages. Zinnbauer’s side, however, has not been as consistent in the league and would like to change that. They will have an opportunity to start turning the corner in that regard when they face Bloemfontein Celtic at Orlando Stadium this afternoon (5 pm). “We need to score more goals in the league,” said Zinnbauer. “We can score a lot of goals in the cup competitions but not so much in the league. “We score in the Caf, we score in the Nedbank Cup but now I think it’s time we bring it more and more in the league. “We have to win the next match. We want to win the next match and take all three points.” Zinnbauer has had to deal with a lot of injuries this season, especially to his strikers. Bucs have been without Zakhele Lepasa, Tshegofatso Mabaso and Gabadinho Mhango, for the most part, this season. The German mentor has had to look for alternatives in that position, playing the likes of Deon Hotto, Thembinkosi Lorch and Vincent Pule. But he insists that they still have enough quality to win football matches. “We have a good structure and a top team,” added Zinnbuaer. “We don’t want to make excuses about injured players because other teams also have injured players. “Our performances have not been bad. The players have been working hard trying to make the supporters happy. “We fight for every player and the supporters can see this. But I hope some of our players come back from injury, especially in attack.” 