HE thought he’d met a Good Samaritan who’d save him from his situation. But little did he know he was walking into a lion’s den. And the experience not only left him traumatised, but he also lost faith in the justice system. The 28-year-old man from Tembisa was allegedly raped in Protea Glen in Soweto on Wednesday, 3 March. He was visiting his sister. READ: WATCH: SANGOMA STUCK IN CAVE! “We chilled and drank until midnight,” said the man. “But my sister and I got into an argument and she told me I’d not sleep at her house.” His brother-in-law suggested they go to his house, but she came along, still causing trouble. “I walked behind them on the way to the house. My sister was becoming a nuisance,” he said. Along the way, a strange man offered to accommodate him for the night. “The man seemed genuine and caring. After all, I was stranded and my sister was causing a scene. “I don’t have any relatives in Soweto, so I took the offer.” The Good Samaritan became aggressive once they got to a backroom. “He demanded I give him my phone. I did. My life was in danger. He raped me and said he wanted R1 500 in order to release me. “I told him I didn’t have that amount of money on me, but we could ask for it at my relative’s house. “I escaped while we walked to my brother-in-law’s house.” The man said he ran to a nearby house, where he asked for help. “They called the police and I explained the incident to them. “They asked me to point out the house where the incident happened and we drove there.” He went with cops to the house. They found four men sleeping. “The police asked if I could identify the perpetrator. I described him by his skinny jean and mask. “A man in the house fit my description. But police stood by and watched as the man swore at me. “I stormed out of the house because I didn’t understand why the authorities would allow such verbal abuse to happen.” ALSO READ: KHUNE'S SISTER SAW HER OWN DEATH He said the police followed him to his brother-in-law’s house, where he’d gone to fetch his bag as he wanted to leave. “I explained the whole incident to my sister and her man. I don’t know whether they were confused or didn’t believe me, but they didn’t seem convinced so we argued. “The police then pepper-sprayed me, saying I talked too much. I ran out and bumped my head on the gate and bled heavily.” He said the police put him in the van and drove around with him. “Instead of getting help I was called names by the authorities. I don’t know what to make of our justice system. I’m traumatised.” Captain Mavela Masondo said the victim must go back to Protea cop shop. “The station commander should be able to help him open a case of rape and lay a complaint against the police who mocked him when he needed them, said Masondo. Busi Kheswa from Social development said they can assist the victim with psychosocial support. 