SOUTH Africa brace yourself for a MASSIVE celebration on Friday. The clock is ticking fast before a new chapter is written... in honour of South Africa. For the first time in the history of African football, the country will have a Confederation of African Football (Caf) president in Patrice Motsepe. News breaking is that incumbent Ahmad Ahmad of Madagascar is banned from participating Friday's presidential elections, which leaves Motsepe running unopposed for Africa's biggest football administration position. The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) on Monday issued its decision in the appeal filed by the Malagasy against the decision of the Adjudicatory Chamber of the Fifa Ethics Committee to ban him for five years. CAS reduced Ahmad's ban from five to two years, which leaves the Malagasy out of the race, thus allowing Motsepe to position his fireworks for a big bang on Friday. This will not only be Motsepe's celebration, but that of South Africa and the English-speaking countries who have never had a Caf president. Motsepe's assurence of Caf presidential office is after rivals - Jacques Anouma, Augustin Senghor and Ahmed Yahya - all withdrew their candidacy and opted to support Motsepe. CAS said: "The CAS Panel has partially upheld the appeal and has reduced the length of the suspension imposed on Ahmad to two years, starting Monday, less the period of suspension already served between 19 November 2020 and 29 January 2021, and has also reduced the fine." At the University of Pretoria on Monday, Motsepe declined to talk anything about the elections, but just Mamelodi Sundowns' five-year partnership with Tuks on a ground-breaking development project. "I have been instructed not to talk anything about this. It's only ethical for me to wait until after Friday where I will call a media briefing of all African journalists to talk about it," Motsepe said.  Patrice Motsepe will become the president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf) later this week after Ahmad's five-year ban was reduced to two years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) on Monday. pic.twitter.com/WvPaKn0qEa 