Miss Universe Zozibini Thunzi is not happy with the South African justice system. Without mincing her words, she said the justice system fails to protect rape victims, especially if the accused is in a position power. She was referring to two alleged rape incidents went viral on Twitter: one involving a social influencer as well as DJ Fresh and Euphonik. In her post, she wrote: “I haven’t been on Twitter and just waking up this morning to catch up on the happenings of the weekend has been heavy. “The justice system is extremely flawed when it comes to the protection of victims of rape and abuse, especially if the accused is in a position of power.” In a follow-up tweet, she said: “Learning that Vuyo has been here having the best time while being accused of rape and having Euphonik continuously antagonising a victim and making a joke of everything is uncalled for. I’m sad but not shocked because this is where we are as a country.” Her tweets attracted attention, with many social media users saying the justice system is never in favour of the victim. “It’s extremely sad that the justice system keeps defending these powerful, cruel people. Already, we live in a world dominated by the rich and powerful. Now we have to really watch them victimise our women and children. These double standards have to be stopped,” wrote Sakhile. ALSO READ |EP HAS MUSIC FOR EVERYONE Mzwakhe commented: “The question is: does this country even have a justice system? It seems if you’re well-known you can get away with anything. “We live among rapists and serial killers and not because those people aren’t being reported but because even if you report them, no action is taken.” “The justice system favours perpetrators not only on rape and abused but also other crimes.” For the past few weeks there has been an ongoing twar between rape accused Euphonik and DJ Fresh, as well as the alleged victim. The ongoing fight has become so bad Twitter is divided, with more people calling for justice for Nampree. As a matter of fact, a number of celebrities including Rosie Motene, Florence Masebe, Thando Thabethe, Ntsiki Mazwai and Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane have thrown their weight behind her. The victim’s spokesman, Thembelani Madikizela, told Daily Sun: “Sometime back the victim reported this to me. I also know she opened a case with the police. “However, as a family, we haven’t collectively discussed this matter.”