FASHION Without Borders is turning up the heat for its momentous sixth year. According to the organisers of the prestigious fashion show, they have exciting new partnerships with main sponsors Avon and Justine, who’ve supported the initiative for some time. They further revealed that the event will be hosted at the Hilton Hotel in Sandton. “Situated in the heart of the business district of Sandton, the Hilton Hotel is an ideal base for business or leisure,” said the organisers. “Its contemporary rooms feature garden and city views, with a fitness centre, swimming pool and landscaped gardens, making it the perfect place to host the event.” The organisers told Daily Sun the theme for this year’s event is “Phygital culture: creating a space for a fusion of cultures expressed digitally”. ALSO READ: COUNTRIES WITH THE BIGGEST 4-5S! The organisers said this year’s fashion show will highlight how current fashion trends are predicted by moods, behaviour and buying habits of a consumer at a particular time. The event, which will be hosted over two days on 25 and 26 March, brings together 15 designers and 30 models from the African continent, ranging from new talent to emerging and established names. Bontle Modise, VIWA, Comfort Seditsi – all from South Africa – Chosen Designs from Botswana and Nivaldo Thierry from Mozambique are a few who’ll showcase their latest collections. The fashion designers will take centre stage to showcase their interpretation of fashion design on the African continent, in an effort to raise awareness about local fashion consumption amid the Covid-19 era. This great lifestyle event includes pop-up stalls, a Fashion Unpacked workshop and a fashion show to be enjoyed by the public, with an opportunity to interact with both local and Southern African Development Community region designers. Access to industry knowledge, education in skills like leadership/management, entrepreneurship and supply chain mentorship are key focus areas the knowledgeable industry speakers will touch on. Fashion Without Borders understands the mandate to provide the women and youth with skills that will allow them to contribute meaningfully to socioeconomic development, as well as lay foundations in efforts to promote gender-balanced programmes using fashion in this regard. The third edition of the fashion Unpacked Masterclass will be graced by speakers such as Thula Sindi.