BAFANA Bafana put themselves under extreme pressure after playing to a 1-1 Group C Afcon qualifier draw against Ghana's Black Stars at FNB Stadium on Thursday night. Now they've left it to the last game to seal their qualification for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). Percy Tau salvaged a draw for Bafana after Mohamed Kudus had given Ghana the lead early in the second half. The result means Bafana now have to at least avoid defeat against Sudan in Omdurman on Sunday (6pm) at Al Hilal Stadium to reach their second straight Afcon tournament. Bafana remain in second place in Group C behind Ghana with both sides on 10 points while Sudan are just behind with nine points. Sao Tome and Principe remain at the bottom with no points to their name following their fifth loss in a row against Sudan on Wednesday. Bafana and Sudan’s encounter now takes even more importance as the winner will be guaranteed qualification against Ghana who are expected to get the better of Sao Tome at home in their last match. Bafana came into the encounter eager to make their home advantage count and also avenge their 2-0 loss to the Black Stars away from home in the first round. Both sides were without a number of their star players who are based overseas after they could not enter Mzansi due to Covid-19 regulations. But this did not make the encounter any less enthralling as both teams looked to book a ticket to Cameroon next year. The Black Stars, who came into the match in a strong situation at the top of the group, seemed content with a draw against Bafana whom they beat 2-0 at home. Their head-to-head advantage over Bafana - which is Caf’s preferred ruling between two or more teams who are level on points - would see them qualify if it were between the two nations. The Black Stars sat back for the better part of the first half but sparked into life in the second with Kudus ghosting into the area before applying a tidy finish. Tau responded with a neat finish of his own, keeping Bafana’s hopes high heading into their final match against Sudan. Full-time:RSA ????1???1??Ghana ????#AFCON2021Q FULL TIME at the FNB Stadium in Johannesburg #AFCON2021Q South Africa ???? 1-1 ???? Ghana?? 51’ Percy Tau / 48’ @KudusMohammedGH #BlackStars #BringBackTheLove pic.twitter.com/D0fpSNgtWW   