BOXING promoter Jacob “Don King” Mnisi’s J4joy Foods national tournament, which was scheduled for 26 March, is back on at the Sandton Convention Centre in Joburg on 28 May. The tournament was delayed in respect of the late King Goodwill Zwelithini KaBhekuzulu’s passing, who died on 12 March. Being closer to the Zulu King, Mnisi saw it better to postpone his first big tournament in honour of Zwelithini “whom I was close to and the King treated me like one of his sons”. He underwent a cleansing ceremony on 16 April at the KwaKhangela Royal Palace in KwaNongoma, according to him. “Now that the cleansing ceremony has passed, we will continue with the preparations for our national boxing tournament,” he said about the tournament that will be held in partnership with SABC Sport, Boxing South Africa (BSA) and the World Boxing Association (WBA). The J4Joy boxing tournament will include the South African national lightweight title, the vacant WBA Pan African continental junior featherweight title, and the Mpumalanga provincial title fight. “It has been almost a month now since we’ve lost our father, and this cleansing ceremony will give me the peace to go about my day to day business,” said Mnisi. Toast of the night will be a SA national lightweight 12 round title fight between champion Tshifhiwa Munyai and challenger, Khaya Busakwe. “I joined this boxing promoters’ world because local fighters are not getting fights, which is the main reason the sport is suffering,” Mnisi added. “Champions hold their titles for over 13 months and from there onwards they will be dethroned because they are not defending. “And this is not their fault but because of a shortage of fights. “There’s a few promoters in the country, hence I entered into that space. “I plan on hosting such tournaments at least after every two months. “Financial fights and title fights will be key.” Mnisi said boxers are not paid continuously like soccer players, “they only get paid per fight, so if there are no fights they do not make an income and their livelihoods are affected and they struggle to feed their families”.