THERE is more bad news coming from the SA Football Association. And that is one of the coaches Safa had shortlisted for the Bafana Bafana post is rumoured to be wanted elsewhere. Hugo Broos, who is one of three coaches who was shortlisted for the national team post alongside Herve Renard and Carlos Queiroz, is wanted by DR Congo. Renard, who won the African Cup of Nations title twice with Zambia in 2012 and in 2015 with Ivory Coast, is contracted to Saudi Arabia. He has made it clear that he’s happy in Saudis, who are said to be paying the Frenchman well although his contract ends in June. If Broos, the former Cameroon coach gets DR Congo job, it means Safa will have run out of options as Queiroz has declined Safa’s offer. Just like Bafana who sacked coach Molefi Ntseki after the country’s failure to qualify for next year’s Afcon finals in Cameroon, Congo are in the hunt for a coach. The Leopards parted ways with Christian Nsengi-Biembe following their failure to qualify for the 2021 Afcon finals. Belgian tactician Broos, as well as French coach Sebastien Migne, are the two front runners for the vacant DR Congo post. The Congolese FA will name their new coach in the coming weeks as the team starts preparations for the 2022 World Cup qualifiers in June. It now looks like Safa will have to look elsewhere for a replacement for Ntseki. This after Safa confirmed they would announce the new coach last Saturday. However, last Friday, the association released a statement that the announcement was postponed due to the global Covid-19 travel issues. The statement added that they will schedule a new announcement this week. But since that statement was released, there has been no official update from Safa. But SunSport’s source said Safa have again set their sights on Al Ahly coach Pitso Mosimane, who was already linked to the post after Ntseki was sacked. But Ahly management recently said the former Mamelodi Sundowns coach, who joined the Egyptian side last October, is going nowhere and they have not received an approach from Safa. “What does that mean? Has Pitso said anything? Not really,” argued an insider. “There’s no need to panic.”