"Stop running in circles. Stop saying the same thing without producing results." This was the plea from one of several residents in the North West who made their voices heard during Parliament’s public hearings on the Expropriation Bill.  "People have no work, the level of unemployment is high. I am saying to give us land now. Give us land without paying any cent. Where are we going to get the money to pay for land. We are not working," Siraphe said, adding: Remember, the land was taken from us forcefully, without paying a cent by the people who own the land now. We must ask the question, why must we pay for the land that belongs to us. Siraphe said the land issue remained important for most South Africans.  The bill is set to replace the Expropriation Act of 1975 which is inconsistent with the Constitution.  Section 12 of the bill deals with instances where zero compensation will apply.  It states zero compensation may be paid where land is expropriated in the public interest, including but not limited to where the land is not being used, and the owner's main purpose is not to develop the land or use it to generate income, but to benefit from the appreciation of its market value.    "We have applied for funding, they promised to fund, but nothing has come from this. I am not fighting the government, I am not fighting for a farm. I’m only fighting for money and access to funding to do something on my part. When we apply for financing from banks, we need to supply surety and guarantee. We don’t have that, and we are excluding from partaking in the economy."  Another EFF member, Lazi Marumo said: "This process is just a distraction to Section 25 of the Constitution. What is currently happening is that this land has been taken from our people through bloodshed. Now, Parliament is telling us that the land must be taken back, and we must pay for it. What must we pay? Our people have already paid for the land." https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/our-people-have-already-paid-for-the-land-north-west-residents-support-expropriation-bill-20210423