WESTERN Cape Premier Alan Winde has suspended Bonginkosi Madikizela from his position as transport and public works MEC. This comes after Daily Maverick published an article saying Madikizela wrote in his biography that he got a BCom in human resources management, when in fact he didn’t complete it. Winde said he met with Madikizela and spoke to him about the matter. “I have since carefully considered the matter and have taken the decision to suspend Madikizela effective immediately for a period of 14 days, while an investigation determines all the facts. Once I have all the facts, I will make a final decision regarding Madikizela and his role in my cabinet.” Western Cape Legislature ANC leader of opposition Cameron Dugmore came out guns blazing on Wednesday, 14 April. GOOD’s secretary-general and MPL Brett Herron said Madikizela committed a crime and there was nothing that Winde should investigate. “Madikizela has already publicly admitted to lying about his non-existent qualification. There is nothing to investigate. The National Qualifications Framework Act makes it a criminal offence for any person to fraudulently claim to hold a qualification or a part-qualification and provides for a sentence of imprisonment of up to five years.” Meanwhile, DA Federal Council chairwoman Helen Zille said the matter was referred to the party’s Federal Legal Commission. “The DA regards this in a serious light and will follow due process in establishing the facts and taking consequent follow-up action.” Madikizela confirmed he didn’t complete the degree he was doing but stated a degree is not a requirement for all the positions he held. “In light of the Daily Maverick article, I take full responsibility that I didn’t correct the information on my bio. It is true, I didn’t finish my BCom degree, but that is not a requirement for a political office in South Africa. This didn’t benefit me in any way in the positions I’m occupying and those I have applied for because it was never a requirement.” Winde has since appointed Western Cape human settlements MEC Tertius Simmers to act in Madikizela’s position. Insiders told the SunTeam DA’s top guns wanted Madikizela out after he entered the race to be Cape Town mayor. “He stepped on toes of some big guys. Now they want him out,” said one mole.