BLACK Leopards interim coach Lehlohonolo Seema has warned his players to expect a tough game against struggling SuperSport United. Bottom of the log Lidoda Duvha host Matsatsantsa a Priori in a must-win DStv Premiership encounter at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday afternoon (3pm). The three-times PSL champions are without a win in seven consecutive league games. United have drawn four and suffered three defeats. However, Seema’s team’s performances have also been dismal. They sit at the basement of the league after winning only three games in 23 matches. Leopards have 13 points with only seven games left to save their top flight status. But they are only three points behind second bottom Chippa United. “United are a good team with quality players,” said Seema. “We are not going to look at how they have been doing lately. All we know is that they are going to be dangerous on Saturday. We can’t relax. We have to put up a fight.” Added the former Bloemfontein Celtic coach: “This is going to be a tough game. “But we have to start to collect points in our remaining games and close the gap between the teams that are above us. “We cannot afford to lose any (more) games this time. We are at home and we should also use that as an advantage.” Struggling Leopards are without a win in their last seven league matches. They suffered five defeats and have two draws – the last a 0-0 stalemate against Stellenbosch at home on Wednesday, The bad news for Seema and his lads is that United and current PSL leading goalscorer Bradley Grobler could be back for United. The Bafana Bafana striker missed the last four United league matches due to injury. But the 33-year-old, who has already scored 13 goals this season, has been training with the team and coach Kaitano Tembo might be forced to bring him back tomorrow, which could be a nightmare for the Leopards defence. The last time Grobler played for the Tshwane side was in their 1-0 defeat against AmaZulu on 2 March. In the four matches Grobler missed, United managed to score only one goal in their 1-1 draw against Stellenbosch FC.