RAP mega star AKA has for the first time broken his silence over the death of his 22-year-old fiancee Anele Tembe, who died two weeks ago after she fell off the 10th floor of a hotel in Cape Town. In a statement, the star said he was sad he didn’t get to live the life he had planned with Anele and that he missed her every day. “I have lost the love of my life and every day feels like a mountain. I miss Anele so much and I’m heartbroken at the unfulfilled life we had planned together. The tragic loss of Anele has taken a great toll on me, emotionally and psychologically,” he said. ALSO READ: TIRA-FEZILE'S VOICE BLEW ME AWAY He said he didn’t appreciate people’s opinions and assumptions about the person he is. “Insinuations and innuendos made about my personhood have been even more difficult to process and the strain our families have taken is unspeakable, which is why at this time I choose to retreat to honour my journey, praying that the moments of stillness may bring me some clarity,” the rapper said. The rapper, whose real name is Kiernan Forbes, said he wished to convey his gratitude to the people, who have been with him during this difficult time. ALSO READ: MASTERMIND REVIVED ON UZALO! “My mom Lynn and dad Tony, Bab’ Moses and Ndabezitha, my brother Steffan, my family (both Forbes and Tembe), my heartfelt gratitude to all. To my business associates, political leaders, industry peers and elders, friends and my neighbours, thank you all for rallying behind me. Last, but not least my incredible fans, The Megacy. Your collective support has brought me so much comfort.” He said he won’t be taking part in any social media activities as he has entrusted his team to handle all his business on his behalf. “As I undergo this painful journey, I have entrusted my team to handle all my affairs in the public domain, including all my social media platforms. Please respect our privacy as we go through our grieving process and please continue to keep our families in your prayers,” he said.  