THE Contralesa NEC is concerned that the ANC is committing suicide. President Kgoshi Mathupa Mokoena said the organisation for traditional leaders decided to hold a physical meeting recently to discuss the crisis in the governing party. “A virtual meeting would not have afforded us a proper opportunity to address the commotion created by factional fights and disunity in the ANC,” he said. “Once there’s chaos in the leadership ranks, it translates to anarchy in government and society as a whole. “It’s a glaring reality that leaders are at each other’s throats. “The critical question is: who will look after the national interests while governers exchange political punches?” Mokoena said it was worrying that ANC leaders had time to fight among themselves while they were confronted by a virus that had already killed almost 60 000 people. “Covid-19 has destroyed our economy and caused disaster, including high levels of poverty and unemployment we’ve not experienced in the recent past,” he said. “Instead of uniting to meet the crisis by putting all hands on deck, leaders are playing political marbles with the lives of our people. The ANC is committing suicide. “As Contralesa, we’re gravely concerned with these suicidal tendencies that appear to have overcome the leadership of our beloved liberation movement.” Mokoena said the leadership had been trying to reach out to the ANC NEC, but all requests for meetings were fruitless. “In these circumstances, we fear that millions of our people will fail to find economic emancipation in their lifetime. The country is on autopilot and a monumental disaster is fast approaching. “We have two choices as people of this country – brace ourselves for the crash or stand up and prevent it from happening.” He said Contralesa’s NEC resolved not to reach out to the leadership any further. “We can’t continue to beg ANC leaders to meetings in order to address matters of critical importance such as people’s continuing alienation from the land,” he said. “Contralesa will go back to the grassroots and inform its constituency about its position in regard to the unfortunate behaviour of the ANC leaders.” ANC national spokesman Pule Mabe had not responded to queries at the time of going to print.