TS Galaxy coach Owen da Gama says they will need to get right in the midfield if they want to beat on form AmaZulu at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Saturday afternoon (5pm). In fact, before Galaxy started the ball session at Durban North College on Friday night, da Gama placed lots of cones (closed to 15) and his players were watching. He asked them what was happening here and, while they were confused, he answered them that they would need crowd AmaZulu attacking midfielder Siyethemba Sithebe, who is a fetcher. The former Mbombela United midfielder, who wears number 10 for AmaZulu, plays close to Makhehleni Makhaula, who McCarthy said is the trigger man as he breaks and starts the play. When Makhaula goes to tackles, Sithebe is there to pick up the loose or second balls to start attack or transition. Others will say this is too much work for the player to pick up loose balls and also help Makhaula, but Sithebe has found joy. Even against Mamelodi Sundowns, the entertaining goalless draw midweek at the same venue, it worked. The Tshwane giants were lucky to go away with a point. “I think we have to be on top in the midfield and it will be interesting to see how we manage the midfield,” said da Gama to SunSport. “Siphesihle Maduna is also a very smart and clever boy. He’s also very influential and you also got Augustine Mulenga and Zukile Kewuti who might play, we don’t know. “Because we saw Mulenga come off against Sundowns and Mulenga starts, we understand how to deal with him because he's a very good player. Also stopping the full backs, I think we can do well.” The former Orlando Pirates coach, who is relieved that Thapelo Xoki won’t feature in this match as he’s suspended, also sang praises for AmaZulu coach Benni McCarthy. The former Pirates striker has led Usuthu side to third on the log table with 41 points from 23 games. With the way things are going about, they look set to finish in their highest ever position in the PSL history. “He has done exceptionally well, 13 games unbeaten (club’s record). I believe they made good signings, the experienced players, players who are playing at the top of their game,” said da Gama. “I’m really happy for Benni and I’m happy for AmaZulu.” While da Gama’s happy for McCarthy, Galaxy will hope to become the first club to do the double over Usuthu this season. In the reverse fixture, Galaxy won 1-0 in October last year. On that occasion, Dan Malesela was in charge of Galaxy while Ayanda Dlamini was the coach of Usuthu.