THABISO Kutumela’s last minute goal helped Maritzburg United beat Stellenbosch 1-0 at Danie Craven Stadium yesterday to ease their relegation troubles. The game was headed for a draw when Stellies winger Junior Mendieta held the ball with his hand in a bid to clear Kutumela’s shot to safety. Kutumela made no mistake from the penalty spot to a huge sigh of relief from his under pressure coach Ernst Middendorp. Although, Maritzburg are still stuck in 13th position, they are now a point behind Stellis on 24 points from 23 matches. However, the defeat was a huge setback for Steve Barker’s coached side since they haven’t won a match in their last nine outings. Barker made one change to the side that drew 1-1 against Bloemfontein Celtic with striker Leletu Skelem getting the nod ahead of Phathutshedzo Nange. His counterpart, Middendorp made two changes to the side that drew with Baroka as he gave Bandile Shandu the chance to start upfront with fan favourite Judas Moseamedi on the bench. The former Kaizer Chiefs coach also added stability in defence as he preferred the experienced Nazeer Allie ahead of Ismail Riyaaz. Stellies had the upper hand early on using the width of the pitch to launch their attacks with striker Ashley Du Preez giving Maritzburg defence a tough time whenever in possession of ball. Du Preez could not believe it as his header in the 16th minutes went over the bar with keeper Marcel Engelhardt at his mercy. The home side wasted another opportunity to get the opener in the 21st minutes when Nathan Sinkala’s great header went over the bar. Du Preez seems to have forgotten his scoring boots at home as he fluffed the best chance in the 35th minutes to give his side the lead when he miskicked the ball with Engelhardt beaten. Maritzburg striker Travis Graham failed to give his side a cushion at halftime when he missed from close range. Realising that time was running out, Middendorp introduced Moseamedi for Bongokuhle Hlongwane hoping he will snatch the winner. The German coach’s change paid off as Moseamedi helped his side increase the tempo of game. 