CELEBRITY fitness instructor, Juanita Khumalo, has bagged a TV presenting gig. She is one of the hosts for the fourth season of 5 Colour Fitness: Safari Edition, which started on Monday, 5 April on SuperSport Variety 4 (DStv channel 209). Juanita took to Instagram on Monday and announced the news. She said she has been working on a special project and is glad to finally share it with people. She will be working alongside trainers including Angela Gresham, Anver Alexander, Lelani Loots Potter, Lucas Mthenjani, Talitha Van Dyk, Liezel van der Westhuizen, Lucky Fadzi, Christy Ann, Zinhle Masango and JP van der Schyff. Juanita will be paired with Liezel and their shows will be on Tuesdays and Sundays at 5pm. “I am super stoked to share with you that I have joined the @fha_fitnesshealthactive! FHA 5 Colour Fitness: Safari Edition is a fitness TV show which provides much needed exercise routines and encourages and motivates you to move more from the comfort of your home. ALSO READ | TIME WELL SPENT! “After the country went into lockdown last year, it completely changed how we MOVE and we found ourselves looking for workouts which we can do at home to help us destress, keep fit and stay healthy. The show is here to precisely do that,” she wrote. The fitness bunny said when she left her job to become a fitness instructor in 2017, she didn’t think she would be this far now. “I started my fitness journey in 2017 and fitness has forever changed my life. I left my job to embark on my fitness journey using social media to build a community which is on a journey to be the best versions of themselves. Little did I know what God was preparing me for and the plans which He had for me,” she wrote. “This is an opportunity to share my passion and do what I love on TV weekly with the rest of the continent and beyond. It is a dream come true and a continued motivation to keep me working hard. I am beyond grateful to the FHA family for the opportunity and entrusting me with your fitness,” she said. Shared post on Time 