NEWLY appointed Chippa United caretaker coach, Siyabulela Gwambi, is not worried that his tenure might be short-lived if he fails to impress chairman Siviwe Mpengesi. Gwambi was appointed on Monday to replace Dan “Dance” Malesela, who was sacked on Sunday after the Gqeberha-based club were handed an embarrassing 5-1 thumping by Maritzburg United in a DStv Premiership match on Saturday. Malesela had returned to the Chilli Boys’ hot-seat in December on a one-year deal with an option to be renewed for another season. He was fired after three months. And Gwambi was set to work under the guidance of technical advisor, Luc Eymael, but the Belgian was sent packing by Chippa following the controversy around his racist remarks in Tanzania. Now, Gwambi is on his own. Gwambi, who will start his tenure with an away league match against Mamelodi Sundowns on Monday, said he is not worried. He said: “It is part of football life being fired. “It’s something we cannot run away from. It is not anyone’s wish to not last. “We know the pressure that comes with being on the hot seat, but the main focus right now is to lead the team to get results and move from the position we are in. If I fail to get positive results, I would not be doing justice to myself and the team. “I think one has to take the challenge and focus on the positives, not on the negative side. Ther is a huge responsibility on my shoulders and I will have to deliver. I know what is expected,” he said. The Chilli Boys are in 14th Premiership standings with 17 points from 21 matches. Gwambi will not only be focusing in the league as they also have the Nedbank Cup semi-final in their plate. Chippa will be looking at reaching the Ke Yona Cup final when they will face GladAfrica Championship side, Pretoria Callies, on 17 April at the Lucas Moripe Stadium (3pm). At the beginning of the season, Gwambi was the head coach of the DStv Diski Challenge team before he was promoted mid-season to join Malesela in the first team. Meanwhile, the Chilli Boys also confirmed the signing of former Sundowns winger Luyola Nomandela who Gwambi believes will play a key role in helping the team escape relegation. Former Orlando Pirates midfielder Oupa Manyisa also joined them and is expected to replace injured Thamsanqa Sangweni in the Chilli Boys midfield.