NIGERIAN superstar Falz The Bahd Guy is in Mzansi scouting for collaborations for his upcoming album. The actor and rapper, who landed a week ago, recently dropped a remix with Kamo Mphela and Mpura but is in the country for more. Falz dropped the single titled Squander Remix,  featuring Niniola, Kamo Mphela and Mpura two weeks ago, and is also in the country to shoot the music video. Speaking to SunBuzz, Falz said he’s been networking for the past few days and he’d like to meet more of Mzansi’s finest amapiano artists. “I’m out here in Joburg for the next few days, I’m just doing a lot of networking and trying to link up with talented musicians here. I’m a great fan of some of the talent here in South Africa,” he said. “I’ve been following Focalistic, Kabza De Small and Samthing Soweto. I’m supposed to be in studio with Maphorisa pretty soon. “I’m enjoying the country so far. We’ve been going down to Soweto to experience the country and the vibes more.” ALSO READ: SHEMBE WARNS MEMBERS ABOUT IJELE! Speaking about the Squander Remix, Falz said the music video is set to drop in a week or two. “The original song had an undertone of amapiano and, of course, that’s a sound that originates here in SA. “So, when the original had done a good round, I figured it would be nice to do a remix where the sound originated from. “The people I thought about were the ones whose music I’ve heard before and liked. I then approached Kamo and Mpura. We put together an amazing team.” The album he’s working on will be released in the next two months. “I started working on the album during lockdown. Almost everyone around the world was forced to stay indoors and had to try to find what gives them joy in this dark moment. For me, it was music and this project. This album will be capturing the happy feeling I was trying to capture during that dark time,” said the rapper. Falz, who’s starred in some of Nollywood’s biggest films such as Merry Men, Your Excellency, New Money and one of the highest-grossing Nigerian films, Chief Daddy, said he’s working on films at the moment. “I’m working on a number of projects right now, but I can’t reveal them yet. I can confirm though that Chief Daddy 2 is coming pretty soon,” said Falz.