Swallows FC will look to break their winless run in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership when they host relegation-threatened Black Leopards at Dobsonville Stadium in Soweto on Sunday. Kick-off is at 5pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Swallows have gone nine league matches without a win after they drew 1-1 at home to Golden Arrows on 3 April, with only a last-gasp goal from Vuyo Mere sparing them a defeat. The Birds have claimed 17 points from nine home matches this season. Their last win as hosts came against Cape Town City in early January 2021. "We are still okay. There are still 10 games to go for us. Not giving up until the final second is in our DNA and we showed that against Arrows. We are still building, we are up there and we will aim to rectify a few things going forward," said Swallows head coach Brandon Truter. "It is a point forward, we are one of six, seven teams that can start planning for next season. It is a new team, we got ahead of ourselves with the start that we had. This is a good base to build on for next season." Leopards suffered a 14th league defeat of the season when they were beaten 1-0 at home by AmaZulu on 4 April. Lidoda Duvha have claimed just six points from 10 away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 1-1 draw with Mamelodi Sundowns in March. “Our problem is scoring goals. I do not have a magic wand and if I did, I would use it to help us score goals. We are not scoring enough goals and the ship is sinking. If we can score goals, our problems will be solved,” said Leopards coach Kosta Papic, whose team will go into the fixture in bottom spot on the league standings. “We have to do our job and avoid panicking. That is the only way we can get it right. We cannot afford to lose to Swallows. The last thing we need is to see players start to panic.” In head-to-head stats, Leopards and Swallows have met in 19 top-flight league matches since the 2001-02 season. The Birds have traditionally dominated the fixture, claiming 12 wins compared to just one for Lidoda Duvha. The Soweto side boasts an unbeaten home record in the rivalry, with six wins and three draws from nine matches as hosts. When the teams met earlier this season, at Thohoyandou Stadium in December 2020, Swallows claimed a 2-1 away win thanks to goals from Ruzaigh Gamildien and Joseph Mhlongo. -SuperSport