THEY allegedly hijacked a BMW 320i. But instead of selling it like most hijackers do, one guy posted pictures of himself with the car on social media. However, he didn’t know that the person he stole the car from was also watching. And thanks to his posts, the man was caught and the vehicle was recovered. The owner of the car, Abongile Majova from Sandton, also took to social media to share her ordeal. She said she got a call from a friend on Tuesday evening and she told her that her flu was getting worse. “It was late and pharmacies were closed. I had flu medication in my place and decided to drive to her place to give her the medication. Her complex is not far from where I live,” she said. She said she got to her friend’s complex and punched the code.  Abongile said the guards did not help her when she asked for help.  “One of those criminals broke the passenger window and opened the car. He pointed a gun at me and told me to stop the car. I had no choice but to do so. “As I realised that I wasn’t going to get any help, I had no choice but do what they said. They forcibly took me out of the car and shoved me into the back seat,” she said. She said the gun was pressed against her head all the way. ALSO READ: WATCH: EVIL CREATURE TO IZANGOMA: VOETSEK! “They asked for my phone password, bank pin and password to disable ‘find my iPhone’. They drove towards Diepsloot,” she said. She said she was then blindfolded and couldn’t see where they were taking her. “It was a long drive until we got to some shacks. They kept me there the whole night until they could get the tracker on the car,” she said. She said they apparently found the tracker in the early hours the following day.  Abongile said she was dropped off in Pretoria West with nothing, not even shoes. “I had to walk around looking for help to get home. God saved my life. I could’ve disappeared with no one knowing where I was.” She said it was a miracle she wasn’t harmed in any way. In one of her Facebook posts, Abongile posted the guy who posed next to her car. She wrote: “I hope he dies like the dog he is. This guy is a monster.” ALSO READ: STRIPPER’S 4-5 KUKU JOY! In another post, where the guy recorded a live video, she captioned the video: “One of those criminals was busy cruising lane to lane with my car and bragging with my cards. I’ve been through the most.”  Other social media users voiced their opinions. Abongile told Daily Sun she felt lucky to be alive. “After sharing the story and pictures, one social media user replied and said he just saw a post of the guy and the car. “He shared the guy’s details with me and when I checked that user, it was indeed my car,” she said.  She said she was helped by friends as the police allegedly took long to help her.  “They were able to help me track the car and capture the suspect,” she said. Gauteng police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo, said the police were investigating a case of hijacking. He said four suspects were arrested and will appear in court soon.  