AMAZULU are not losing sleep over the constant talks that coach Benni McCarthy is being touted as the next Bafana Bafana coach. In fact, the Durban-based outfit said the results are there for all to see that they are not perturbed since McCarthy started to be linked with one of the biggest jobs on the African continent. The club said they will deal with the matter when the South African Football Association (Safa) eventually approaches them. For now, they are focused on their ambition of finishing in the top four of the DStv Premiership. Safa are pushing hard to find a replacement for Molefi Ntseki, who was fired as Bafana coach recently for his failure to qualify for Africa Cup of Nations finals in Cameroon next year. They need the new man urgently as the upcoming 2022 World Cup qualifiers kick-off in June against Zimbabwe. Since McCarthy was appointed as Usuthu coach last December, he has lost only twice, won 11, drawn four of the 17 games in all competitions he has been in charge. McCarthy has led the club to unfamiliar territory. AmaZulu are second on the Premiership table with 40 points from 20 games, six points behind log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns, who they host on 21 April. They have won their last six league games, becoming the first side this season to do so, which is also a record for the oldest club in the PSL. “To be honest, from coaches, players to management, even supporters, everyone’s pulling in one direction,” said AmaZulu’s Brilliant Mkhathini. “(We have) No fear of anything. If anything, this seems to be more fun for the players and the media in this speculation. “We’re focused on our course. The mood here is fantastic.” The Premiership will end on 29 May, with the Nedbank Cup final the following week. That will give the new Bafana coach only a few days to get his team together. It leaves Safa with no option but to appoint a local coach, someone who knows the league well. It means McCarthy’s name being linked to the post won’t stop until the new man is found.