ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer has admitted that it will take something special for his side to win the DStv Premiership this season. This after they dropped more points on the road to Swallows FC on Saturday, drawing 1-1 with the Dube Birds. The result saw the Buccaneers remain in fourth place on the Premiership table, some way behind runaway leaders Mamelodi Sundowns who also have a game in hand. Bucs’ Achilles heel this season has been their inconsistency, failing to build some sustained momentum in their pursuit of the title. And now, it seems a top three finish would be the more realistic goal for the Soweto giants with only seven matches remaining before the curtain comes down on the season. Zinnbauer, however, has not completely thrown in the towel but has admitted that it will be difficult for his side to deny Downs the title. “We always take it one game at a time. We do not look too far ahead,” said Zinnbauer. “We played well against Swallows and we deserved more from the game. “But we do not speak about the title. We just take it one game at a time. The title is a bit far from our reach, we need a lot of points for this target. If it’s possible then we will go for it but we do it one game at a time. The next game is always the most important for us.” Pirates will switch their attention to the Caf Confederation Cup this week where they will be looking to seal their qualification for the next round. They face Nigerian outfit Enyimba away on Wednesday at the Enyimba Stadium (11pm) knowing that a draw will be enough to earn a spot in the knockout stages. Bucs top their group with nine points from five matches with Ahli Benghazi in second with seven points while Enyimba are third with six points. ES Setif from Algeria prop up the table with five points from as many matches. “We are heading in the right direction,” added Zinnbauer. “We are showing good performances but perhaps unlucky with the results in some games. “We are confident heading into the match on Wednesday that we can get the job done if we show a similar performance.”