Gaston Sirino says Mamelodi Sundowns still have a long way to go in their pursuit to lift the Caf Champions League, DStv Premiership and the Nedbank Cup. However, he admitted that they are on the right path, though the road ahead looks tough. "But if we continue in this way we will achieve our objectives,” said Sirino. The diminutive attacker has played 15 games in all competitions and grabbed four goals for himself. It’s match day five in the Caf Champions League group stages and the Brazilians will on Friday (3pm) take on Sudanese club Al Hilal away from home at the Al Hilal Stadium, Omdurman in Khartoum. The Brazilians have already qualified for the last eight and will be going out to maintain their formidable winning streak in the competition having won all the games that they have played thus far. Masandawana will be eager to get back to winning ways after playing a 1-1 draw in the league against Black Leopards in their most recent fixture. Sirino’s efforts have not gone unnoticed and he has even earned himself a nomination for Supporters’ Player of the Month for February.With the Champions League, Nedbank Cup and the league, it will be a really hectic schedule for the Brazilians. “We have to take care of ourselves in the best way we can so that we can win all the titles that we are playing for. We have the necessary squad to do so... winning is part of our DNA, so we must go out and make sure that we bring in the trophies like we have been doing all these years,” said Sirino. Meanwhile, coach Rhulani Mokwena said they happy to be in Sudan. "We are happy to play an important match with a great side that has so much history, success and prestige. We are looking forward to having a good clash against this good side,” said Mokwena. Masandawana have already tasted victory against The Blue Wave as they beat them by two goals to nil in the first leg at home, courtesy of strikes by Mosa Lebusa and Kermit Erasmus. The encounter takes place a week after seven Brazilians were in action for Bafana Bafana in AFCON qualifier action, but Coach Mokwena says the team are not out to ‘seek revenge’ on the Sudanese outfit. “We are a team that is inspired by the goals, aspirations and targets that we set for ourselves as a team. The unfortunate results of our national team has nothing to do with Mamelodi Sundowns, but being from South Africa our egos are bruised. The happiness index is affected within our country, we have an indirect responsibility to carry the hopes of our country but we are not driven by that. This being our last away game we want to get to the knockout stages with the winning feeling.”