POLICE in George in the Western Cape have bust a 21-year-old taxi driver. The driver and three others allegedly robbed a shop on York Street last Monday, 12 April. Police spokesman Sergeant Christopher Spies said the suspects fled the scene with money and cellphones. “Initial investigations revealed that four men, two armed with firearms, entered a shop at York Street on Monday, 12 April 2021 at about 7pm. They threatened the victim and proceeded to take an undisclosed amount of cash, three cellphones as well as cigarettes before they fled the scene. A Toyota Quantum minibus taxi, believed to belong to the suspect, was later linked to this incident,” said Spies. ALSO READ: SA JAILBIRDS LIVE LIKE KINGS! Cops later spotted the taxi in the CBD and followed it to Thembalethu kasi where they bust the driver. The investigations showed the driver was linked to several other robberies. “Further investigation later linked the suspect to a number of robberies where shops were robbed in Pacaltsdorp and Conville. This arrest forms part of an ongoing investigation and his accomplices are yet to be arrested. The 21-year-old suspect remains in custody. He is facing numerous robbery charges. Police also seized the taxi which was allegedly used as a getaway vehicle,” said Spies. ALSO READ: GOGO IN COURT FOR ‘KILLING’ HER BEN-10! Meanwhile, cops in the same area bust a 27-year-old man found in possession of an illegal firearm. This is after the Eden Cluster Crime Combating team, Public Order Police and George detectives were deployed to crime-ridden areas after receiving tip-offs of illegal activities. “They operationalised the information when the forces descended on a house at Zone 5 in Thembalethu. Upon searching the house, they found a 9mm round of ammunition and an imitation firearm. This suspect remains in custody until his court appearance at the Thembalethu Magistrates Court tomorrow (Monday). The possibility that this suspect could also be linked to robberies in the Greater George is being investigated,” said Spies.