An Eastern
Cape teacher was killed during an argument over Easter food preparation on Good
Friday, allegedly by his girlfriend and her sister. The
incident happened in the tiny agricultural town of Kumga in the Great Kei
Municipality - about 76 kilometres outside East London. Although
the teacher, Lizo Khwatshube, is from East London, the attack happened at a
house he rented in Kumga, where he teaches technology and natural science at a
local school Eastern
Cape police spokesperson Captain Khaya Tonjeni confirmed that the sisters had
been arrested and charged with murder. He added
that the sisters, aged 49 and 57, appeared in court on Tuesday for the murder. According
to community activist and neighbour, Lydo Mngeni, the attack happened when the
sisters insisted that bulk pieces of meat Khwatshube  had bought for the long Easter weekend should
be prepared at their family home. House Khwatshube,
however, insisted that the meat should be prepared at his house, Mngeni said. An argument
ensued during which the sisters allegedly used anything they could find,
including a pair of scissors, to punch and stab Khwatshube. Tonjeni
said Kwatshube was rushed to hospital but didn't survive, Tonjeni said. According
to Khwatshube's family, the women gauged out his eyes. Khwatshube's
distraught sister, Noluthando Dikgole, said she didn't understand what type of
person would gauge out the eyes of another human being. "I am
disgruntled. I am pissed off. I am angry. I can't make sense [of this], that a
person can be so demonic enough to pluck out my brother's eyes. I feel
empty," Dikgole said. Dikgole
added that she was told that her brother's girlfriend fled the crime scene
after angry community members descended on her and her sister. Witness "Members
of the community and neighbours were fed up because she was abusing my brother
for a long time. They had to witness the gender-based violence for a long time.
When they saw what she did, they punished them but were saved by police,"
said Dikgole. Dikgole
added that her brother's girlfriend, who now stands accused of his murder, was
a toxic person, even towards the entire Khwatshube family. She claimed
that the girlfriend blamed her and her mother for Khwatshube's lack of interest
in marrying her. She claimed the girlfriend would call and shout: 'Heyi wena
njakazi ndini, nindinxibisa nini?' (When are you planning to enrobe me) You
think you are better because you stay in a suburb in East London." In
Xhosa culture, newly wedded brides are enrobed in uniquely-designed attire to
distinguish them from unmarried women. Neither
Tonjeni, not National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Anelisa Ngcakani could
reveal what transpired in court. Ngcakani's response will be added once
received. But Mngeni
said the women were out on the street again "This
happened on the day of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. They crucified the
teacher for his meat. It's a shocking incident. The crime has been committed by
the same women we are told to protect. We have lost a community builder. This
man was a breadwinner for them. As the community, we are shocked," Mngeni
added. SOURCE:
NEWS24 