JAMES Ngwenya loved his new girlfriend with all his heart and shared everything with her. But the woman didn’t share everything. “MY DEAD HUSBAND WILL BE ANGRY IF I HAVE SEX WITH YOU!” SHE SAID. James Ngwenya (53) from Ga-Rankuwa zone 1 in Tshwane told Daily Sun he told his girlfriend from the beginning he wanted a serious relationship and would ultimately want to marry. James said she agreed. She told him she also wanted someone who’s serious and she’d take care of him. To prove that he loved her, James decided to share half the money he was making from piece jobs. But today James is heartbroken. James said his lover never told him her husband had recently died and he only found out when he wanted to have sex with her. He couldn’t believe what he heard when his girlfriend told him she’d not have sex with him as that would anger her late husband. “She took my money and I visited her almost every day. I’m hurt because she used me for all these months,” he said. “She told me she won’t have sex with me because she was in mourning but would give me true love in the coming months.” He said he even told her mother he loved her daughter and would marry her soon, and he told his own mum she must expect a makoti soon. While he was saving money to pay lobola, she hit him with the bombshell. James said he gave his girlfriend and her mother R2 000 to start a chicken business. “But they ate the money and the business is nowhere to be seen,” he said. James said all he wants now are his belongings because he wants nothing to do with her. “She must bring back my two cellphones, electricity extension, twin plug, dish plug, my clothes and the money they never used for the chicken business,” he said. “I have to struggle to get my things and my mamazala is saying I’m a stupid man and how can I date a widow?” James said he was looking forward to having a first child with her, which would never happen. James’ aunt Daisy Huma (73) was shocked. “It’s good that he left her because she was milking him,” she said. The girlfriend, whose name is known to Daily Sun, said James was keen to love her. “But my husband died in November and James was desperate to love me. I had to tell him that I’m still in mourning,” she said. “Yes, me and my mother got the money from James in January to start a business. “James never told us to return it. He said he was assisting where he can. “The R2 000 isn’t even close to start a business. “We’re still saving more before we can start. We owe James nothing.” Regarding the other items James demanded, she said: “James is just bitter and I have nothing that belongs to him. He can go to the police if he wants to.”  