The Office of the Public Protector (PP) found that
maladministration and improper conduct on the part of Chris Hani Baragwanath
Academic Hospital staff were responsible for the disappearance of a corpse in
2013. Officials at the PP's office probed the matter after Themba Milton
Sithebe's niece, identified as "Ms Sithebe-Dlamini", laid a complaint
against the hospital in October 2018 after his body went missing. She also
reported the matter to the police. Sithebe was admitted to the hospital on 26 May 2013, but when his
son, Andile Charles Mavi, asked about his father's health days later, he was
told that his father could not be found. According to the Office of the Public Protector report, it was
only when the man's daughter approached the hospital that she was told an
investigation would be conducted. A hospital staffer later called her to say
that her father had died on 28 May 2013. But the whereabouts of her father's body was a mystery. Again, she
was told that a probe would be conducted. The hospital completed its internal probe almost four years later,
in March 2017, and called the family to a meeting where they were told that the
investigation did not reveal anything concrete. The family was advised to open
a criminal case. Although the family alleged the police failed to investigate the
matter, the report findings state that SAPS investigated the missing corpse
complaint within a reasonable standard, as expected by law. The report stated that the allegations against the police were
unsubstantiated. However, the report found that there were maladministration and
improper conduct on the part of the hospital staff. They failed to ensure that
all the requisite information was completed on Sithebe's death notification
report. It was also found that the family suffered prejudice due to the
hospital's conduct in the case. As part of remedial actions, Department of Health's head of
department, Arnold Lesiba Malotana, and the hospital's CEO, Dr Nkele Lesia,
were directed to ensure that a patient registration system is in place at the
hospital. The office said the system must contain officials' personal
details and designations in the wards as well as details of who is responsible
for patients, from admission to discharge. It added that the data register must also clearly show the chain
of events in wards, the date, time, details of a patient involved, and all the
staff involved in handling the patient. The report found that the hospital failed to take action against
the implicated officials and instructed it to initiate disciplinary processes
against "Sister Maile", who was responsible for, among others, the
violations of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, the regulations relating
to the management of human remains and those relating to the rendering of
forensic pathology services. The office also directed that officials must, within 30 days,
issue a written apology to Sithebe-Dlamini for the hospital's failure to inform
her about the death and subsequent loss of the corpse. SOURCE: NEWS24 