EXACTLY 20 years ago today, 43 football fans died in a stampede during a Soweto Derby match between Chiefs and Orlando Pirates at Ellis Park. The stadium, which has a capacity of 60 000, reportedly saw a further 30 000 try to gain access after Benedict Vilakazi equalised for Pirates. This was after Tony Illodigwe had scored an early opener for Chiefs.This led to the deadly stampede as scores of supporters tried to gain entry into the stadium. The game was stopped around the 34th minute by then PSL CEO Robin Petersen after it became clear that there was a problem. To this day, the Ellis Park Disaster remains the worst sporting accident in South African history. Chiefs chairman, Kaizer Motaung, has remembered the supporters who went to a football game but never returned home. “Indeed, this is the 20th anniversary of the Ellis Park disaster,” said Motaung. “People were gathered to come and witness a beautiful game of football on a beautiful evening and all was going well. “The game started and where I was seated in saw a bit of commotion at the corner which resulted in the stoppage of the game and security was called upon to attend to a situation where a stampede occurred as a result of people forcing their way into the stadium. “It is very sad that this beautiful day turned out to be such as sad day because many people died and some got injured. Those of us who were there will always remember this day. It was a dark day for Mzansi football. ”Muhsin Ertugral, who was the Chiefs coach during the time, described the incident as “terrifying.” “It’s a heartbreaking memory for all of us,” said Ertugral. “What happened that day was unexpected. No one expected that such a tragedy could happen. “In that week, we could feel how important the game was to the people. I remember during the warm-up, I said to Steve Komphela I had never seen a full stadium during the warm-ups. It was completely full. “I could see in the eyes of my player that they didn’t know what happened. I just saw Brian Baloyi waving his hands and the fourth official said the game had to stop. It really hit me when we went to the presidential suite and I saw a little boy who had lost his brother and his father. That was really heartbreaking, we could not get back to life as usual. I hope this situation never happened again. And to all the lives lost, may they continue to rest in peace.”