Award-winning screenwriter Athi Petela’s movie Trapped will premiere on Sunday, 18 April. The much-anticipated movie will air for the first time on SABC1. It follows the life of Ayanda, played by Zola Nombona, whose double life comes crashing down after a surprise visit from her mother, played by Amanda Quwe, disrupts the carefully constructed closet she hides in. Torn between family, societal politics and career expectations, Ayanda ruins her relationship with Thando (Thishiwe Ziqubu), her adoring and devoted partner. Wedged in the middle of all the drama is Ross, played by Thami Dish. He’s the straight-talking and witty friend, whose only aim is to repair all their woes and live happily ever after. Speaking to Daily Sun, Athi said: “The film showcases the juxtaposition of how acceptance leads to true happiness, but self-rejection leads to sadness. “In addition, the film challenges the norms as it addresses representation, diversity, queer love and duty through the lens of sexuality in South Africa. ALSO READ | ACTORS' MARCH DATE SET! “Gay and lesbian people in South Africa always become part of stories as opposed to being at the forefront of their own storytelling.” “The LGBTQI+ community deserves stories that they own and are told in their voices. This is my labour of love and offering to the LGBTQI+ community.” Co-founder of Africa Rising International Film Festival, Lala Tutu, said she’s excited for South African audiences to experience this film and the authentic storyline it captures. “Trapped is a creatively shot film written by a salient writer and trailblazing director Athi Petela. It explores the important themes of transformation and inclusivity,” she said. “We are committed to creating a platform that amplifies and empowers the marginalised voices in the film industry, therefore aligning with our mandate which is why we support this film. “We are confident that the viewers will be captivated by this riveting storyline, creativity and skilful production.”