Chippa United will go in search of a much-needed win in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season when they host Golden Arrows at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Chippa suffered a third straight loss – and saw their winless run in the league stretched to 10 matches – when they were beaten 1-0 at home by Baroka FC on April 20. The Chilli Boys have claimed seven points from 10 home matches this season, with their only victory as hosts coming against Maritzburg United back in November 2020. They go into the weekend in 15th spot on the league standings and two points from safety. "It is difficult following the loss to Baroka. There is nothing we can do now but look forward to the next match," said Chippa defender Nyiko Mobbie. "It won't be easy against Arrows, but we will fight. We are not in a good position on the log and we are looking forward to giving everything to climb up the standings. "We are looking forward to correcting whatever we've done wrong in the past. We are going to fight again, we have quality players in this team and at this stage we need each and every player. We need to support each other, it is not going to be easy. We have to give our best." Arrows stretched their unbeaten run to seven games – and claimed a 10th league win of the season – when they beat SuperSport United 1-0 away on April 21, with a goal from Nduduzo Sibiya firing them back up to second. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed 20 points from 11 away matches this season. Their only defeat on the road was at Cape Town City in January 2021. "I am just happy we got over the line," said Arrows head coach Mandla Ncikazi following a rare win in Gauteng for the KwaZulu-Natal club. "It is at that stage of the season where the quality of the game is affected by what is at stake. I think the game against SuperSport was one of those games. "We have to be grateful, we got the points and now we will work on the next strategy. It was important to get the points even if our performance wasn't the best. I am just happy we are moving to the next phase of matches with the points in the bag, but we have to improve going into our next match." In head-to-head stats, Arrows and Chippa have met in 13 league matches since the 2012-13 season. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed five wins compared to two for the Chilli Boys, while six games have ended in draws. The Eastern Cape side has recorded one win, four draws and one defeat from four home matches in the rivalry. When the teams met earlier this season, at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in January 2021, Arrows claimed a 1-0 home win thanks to a goal from Lindokuhle Mtshali. -SuperSport