OVER the past 40 plus years, I have seen the good, the bad and the ugly side of South African football. It’s been an amazing journey watching Bafana Bafana and PSL clubs conquer the continent. I’ve seen tears of joy from coaches and players. There have been moments of heartbreak from failures both on and off the field. I was privileged to witness the birth of our new independent Mzansi and of a new golden era in our sport that followed. As a sports journalist at the time, I will share and entertain Daily Sun readers with some of my experiences over the past four decades. One thing for sure, there was rarely a dull moment. The most memorable trips I had was accompanying Orlando Pirates to Abidjan in December 1995 to witness them being crowned African Champions… against all the odds. Bucs made history by becoming the first club from Southern Africa to win the Caf Champions Cup – the forerunner of the Champions League on 16 December 1995, beating Ivory Coast giants and odds on favourites ASEC Abidjan 3-2 on aggregate after a 2-2 draw in the first leg at Ellis Park. But my story starts in the early hours of 18 December when I was travelling back home with the victorious Pirates squad. This unwitting scribe was still celebrating Bucs’ historic win when we landed in Congo’s capital Brazzaville to refuel en route to Joburg. In my “babalaas” state I went to get some fresh air at the rear end of the plane when the door was open while the plane was refuelling. But stupidly I lit up a hit of nicotine and helped myself to another swig of beer. Mark Fish, who was standing at the door, looked at me in disbelief and screamed: “Billy what the FXXX are you doing? Lighting up when we are refuelling? You’ll kill us all.” FEESH, one of my mates in the Bucs squad, got through to me how stupid I was. To this day, I have not touched alcohol or nicotine. Talk about a close shave. That’s probably the dumbest thing I’ve ever done. But what a drama-filled trip. The then president of Ivory Coast was so confident of ASEC winning that he declared before the match that the day after the second leg of the final would be a public holiday. That’s how confident the country was of ASEC winning the coveted trophy. But Bucs had other ideas, thanks to Jerry Sikhosana’s goal at the Stade Felix Houphouet. That goal has become part of Bucs and Mzansi football folklore. It stunned the capacity crowd and by the final whistle, supporters started burning the stadium’s seatsThat was one trip I’ll never forget. But while the Ivorians did not enjoy their “holiday” Pirates and SA media contingent certainly did. I remember buying a round of drinks for the players at their five star hotel and used up my entire $300 weekend food allowance on ONE round. That’s about R4 500! When I returned to my office to justify spending $300 without a receipt I fell on the mercy of a sympathetic accountant by confessing my sin of buying the new African champions a round of drinks and he let me off the hook.