PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has told the Zondo Commission that the ANC ignored signs of state capture by the Guptas. On Thursday, 29 April he admitted that the signs were there but they did not concern most of them within the party. He said one of the earliest signs made within ANC structures of the possibility that members of the Gupta family may have had an improper influence on the executive was a statement by Minister Fikile Mbalula at an NEC meeting in 2011. Mbalula claimed the Guptas told him he’d be appointed sports minister at the Gupta Saxonwold compound in 2010. Evidence leader Alec Freund SC asked Ramaphosa if the allegations were true would that not mean the subversion of constitutional order. “If these were true they would be because our constitutional architecture is such that things like the appointment of ministers and deputy ministers should be the sole preserve of the president. No one should go around appointing ministers and offering this and that. It would be subversion,” said Ramaphosa. He said it was unfortunate that they dropped the ball. Ramaphosa said: “It should have evoked concerns in us when one looks at it with hindsight. One is prepared to concede it didn’t. These were the signs that we needed to have paid attention to. Lights were flashing amber. We should have been alert, but we weren’t.” He commended the role played by the media in investigating the “Gupta leaks”. Chairman of the commission Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo agreed with him. He said there was a lot of evidence the commission found in material unearthed by the media. Ramaphosa told the inquiry that he did not doubt allegations by former finance deputy minister Mcebisi Jonas that in 2015 he was offered the post of finance minister and R600 million in return for doing the bidding of the Gupta brothers. Asked about his personal views on voting along the party line, the president said the party line was being followed all over the world and members don’t go to Parliament to represent themselves, but the party. He said, however, that members were allowed to follow their conscience on issues that threaten democracy. “I am a party person, I am a party animal and have to be because I’m the president of the ANC. If I’m faulted on that, let me be faulted. But I do, however, open a window to issues of conscience that drive particular individuals to want to buck the trend,” said Ramaphosa. He said his CR17 campaign did not raise a billion rands as it is claimed. He said he was told by the campaign managers that they raised R300 million, but never a billion. He said the money was used for transport, food, T-shirts and venue hire, among other things, not to buy votes. “People talk about accounts that are locked up. That had nothing to do with me because I was locked out of that. There was nothing sinister about the CR17 campaign. There was nothing underhanded,” said the president. Reactions to Cyril One Movement SA leader Mmusi Maimane said Ramaphosa failed
dismally to account to the nation and gave evidence as someone who joined the
ANC a few years ago. Maimane said Ramaphosa avoided accountability on many issues
and could not direct the commission who should be held accountable for the many
wrongs committed by his comrades. “I feel there are specific issues like Bosasa which the
president claims he only realized too late. The president didn’t join the ANC
yesterday. There is also the issue of cadre deployment. “The president came to the commission and spoke as if he was
speaking at an ANC meeting and not being accountable to the people of South
Africa,” Maimane said. In addition, Maimane said Ramaphosa was pulling the wool
over the eyes of the people of the country when he tells the commission that he
didn’t know about the millions raised for his campaign to become ANC leader. Ramaphosa told the commission that the campaign raised R300
million meant for t-shirts, data and transport not the billion that has been
reported on previously. He flatly denied that he had bought the conference. Maimane also said he was not at all impressed with the way
the evidence leaders were leading Ramaphosa in his submission. Maimane said without casting aspersions at evidence leaders,
Ramaphosa had for the past two days been treated with kid gloves for someone
who had come to make submissions on behalf of a party that has looted the
state. The former DA leader likened Ramaphosa as head of the mafia
group who had come to account and the evidence leader was not grilling him. 