AMAZULU moved back to the second spot in the DStv Premiership table after they comfortably saw off TS Galaxy 2-1 at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Saturday evening. Veteran striker Lehlohonolo Majoro scored twice, all in the first half, as the Durban-based side bounced back after drawing their previous match against Mamelodi Sundowns. But Lindokuhle Mbatha pulled one back for the visitors in the referee’s optional time after the veteran attacker was brought down. The win saw Usuthu move to 44 points after 24 matches, three points behind log leaders Sundowns, who have three games in hand. AmaZulu signaled their intention as early as the first minute of the game. Majoro rattled the side netting and he was followed by the returnee left-back from suspension, Sibusiso Mabiliso, a minute later. But they had to wait to show their efforts until 32nd minute. Siyethemba Sithebe, the fetcher of AmaZulu to start the attack, picked up the on running Luvuyo Memela, who laid it off Majoro to punish the visitors. Majoro firstly dummied Mlungisi Mbunjwana to cut back. While he was clear for goal, Galaxy players backed off and the veteran striker riffled the ball into the roof of the net to score his sixth league goal this season. The seventh goal wasn’t far off for Majoro. He doubled his tally on the day scoring in an unguarded net in the 42nd minute. Mabiliso floated the ball and was headed by Siphesihle Maduna but Marlon Heugh palmed into the path of Majoro, who had the simplest finish. The former Kaizer Chiefs and Pirates striker is now the club’s top scorer with seven league goals, one ahead of Luvuyo Memela. For Galaxy, they were disappointing in the first half as they didn’t trouble Usuthu goalie Veli Mothwa. The Bafana Bafana goalie even showed his skills, just to show the confidence in the team, when he flicked the ball over the on rushing visitor’s player, much to delirium in his bench. Looking to stop the danger, visiting coach Owen da Gama made two changes before the second half started. He threw in Given Msimango, Marks Monyai in places of Gerald Modisane and Pogiso Sanoka. Following the edition of these two, Galaxy looked organized and Msimango was cutting everything Usuthu was trying to conjure up to get the third goal. Also young dynamite Ethan Brooks got more on the ball, as he brought lots of guile in the side.  The game then slowed down a bit. Usuthu changed their formation to 3-5-2, looking very content to add to the third goal. Da Gama will be concerned that they didn’t trouble AmaZulu goalie Mothwa much, as this was the club’s fourth league loss on the bounce.