ORLANDO Pirates will look to maintain their top spot in their Caf Confederation Cup Group A table when they visit Libyan side, Al Ahly Benghazi, on Sunday. Pirates are top of the group in Africa’s second-tier competition after beating Nigerian side Enyimba 2-1 at Orlando Stadium last time out. The Soweto giants have four points after two games, after opening the group with a goalless draw against Algerian side ES Setif. The 2015 losing finalists are followed by Enyimba and Benghazi who both have three points while Setif, are surprisingly propping the group with zero points. Bucs captain, Happy Jele, who missed the recent 1-0 DStv Premiership loss to Chiefs due to injury before the international break, said after winning the MTN8 trophy earlier this season, there is hunger in the team to do well in this competition. Jele knows this cup as he’s the only member in this Pirates squad left that lost in the final in 2015 to Etoile du Sahel of Tunisia under coach Eric Tinkler. “When you play for Orlando Pirates, you compete for every cup,” said Jele. “Now, we are confident enough to compete. Each player knows how to win a trophy after winning the MTN8. “We will try to make sure we win every cups that come our way. We are strong and competitive.” Benghazi are a familiar side to Mzansi, as when Sundowns reached the quarter-finals of the Caf Champions League in 2019, the Tshwane giants beat them 4-0 on aggregate in the first round. This is after coming away with a 0-0 draw from the first leg in Libya. Meanwhile, Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer will have his work cut in his attempt to boost the morale of some of his Bafana Bafana stars. Players such as Thulani Hlatshwayo, Innocent Maela, Vincent Pule, Ben Motshwari and Thabang Monare were part of the Bafana squad that failed to qualify for the African Cup of Nations Cup finals in Cameroon next year. It is also the same situation with Deon Hotto, whose Namibia side failed to qualify for the Afcon finals, despite winning both their Afcon qualifiers. But morale will be better for Terrence Dzvukamanja (Zimbabwe), Gabadinho Mhango (Malawi) and Richard Ofori (Ghana), as their nations qualified.