TEN people died in a horrific accident in KZN. The accident occurred on the R34 in Vryheid near Lakeside in the north of KZN on Tuesday, 6 April. It is alleged that a Ford Ranger carrying six occupants collided head-on with a Mazda 3 carrying seven passengers. Seven people died at the scene. Critically injured survivors were treated by paramedics at the scene before being transported to hospital for further medical attention. Three other people later died in hospital. Following this accident, KZN MEC for Transport, Community Safety and Liaison Peggy Nkonyeni condemned the reckless and negligent behaviour of some motorists. Nkonyeni said according to preliminary investigations, it was alleged that the driver of the Mazda 3 failed to stop at a stop street. “Although the exact cause of the accident is still investigated, law enforcement authorities said reckless and negligent driving could not be ruled out,” said the MEC. She made a plea to motorists to exercise patience on the road so they can arrive at their destinations alive. “It is heart-breaking that this gruesome accident comes after the Easter long weekend when the province recorded 54 fatalities. It was disturbing to learn that one of the vehicles involved in the accident in Vryheid was overloaded. It is alleged that the driver failed to stop at a stop street, which could be the cause of this ghastly accident,” she said. She added that through flouting the basic rules of the road, the driver displayed gross recklessness and total disregard for the rule of law as well as other users. “Human error and negligence are to blame for the increasing death toll on our provincial roads, which is a huge cost to the economy. Therefore, harsher action must be taken against motorists that violate traffic regulations,” she added. Nkonyeni expressed her heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased and wished the injured survivors a speedy recovery. She said the provincial government, working with local municipalities, would assist the families of the victims with funeral arrangements and psychosocial services. KZN cops spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed the accident.