A FAMILY almost lost three members in one day. It happened after four unknown armed men stormed their home and gunned down one member outside the house. They then went inside and shot two other members. This tragedy, that happened yesterday in KwaMashu K section, north of Durban, claimed the life of Nkosinathi Mbatha (34), who was a mechanic. Nondumiso Mbatha (25) and Xolani Cele (33) were left injured. It is alleged that the armed men started by shooting at Nkosinathi while he was outside the house fixing a car. They then went inside and shot Nondumiso and Xolani before fleeing the scene. Nkosinathi died on the scene. It’s believed that the shooting was linked to a woman whom Nkosinathi had spent the previous night with. A neighbour told Daily Sun he heard that on Monday, Nkosinathi was with a woman who slept over at his house. He said when the woman arrived at her house, she told her family that Nkosinathi had raped her. “Yesterday, the woman’s mother went to Nkosinathi’s house. She spoke to the people who were inside and then left. Later that day, four men came and shot Nkosinathi. Before they shot him, they had asked him about raping the woman,” said the neighbour. The neighbour said the men then went inside and shot two other people. “I think they shot them because they were trying to get rid of evidence. There was no need for them to get inside the house and shoot them.” Another neighbour said injured Nondumiso returned from the local clinic the same day, while Xolani was admitted overnight. However, family member Zama Cele (27) said they didn’t know what led to the shooting. “All we know is that Nkosinathi was fixing a car when the four men came and opened fire,” she said. She added that the family was still in shock. The KZN cops spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed that charges of murder and attempted murder are being investigated by KwaMashu SAPS. Gwala said its alleged that yesterday a man was fatally shot by unknown suspects at K section in KwaMashu. "Two other victims sustained injuries and were rushed to hospital for medical attention. The matter is still under investigation," said Gwala. 