THE SA Football Association (Safa) will take the first step to finalise the appointment of the new Bafana Bafana coach today. Safa confirmed they have been flooded with applications to replace Molefi Ntseki, who was fired as national coach following Bafana’s failure to qualify for next year’s Africa Cup of Nations finals in Cameroon. When he signed a five-year deal with Safa in August 2019, part of Ntseki’s mandate was to qualify for the Afcon finals. Safa’s technical committee will today meet to recommend the appointment of the new Bafana coach to Safa’s National Executive Committee (NEC) after studying all the applications and CVs that have landed at Safa’s headquarters. There were rumours former Zambia and Ivory Coast coach Herve Renard and former Cameroon mentor Hugo Broos, who led the Indomitable Lions to the Afcon title in 2017, have applied for the job. But Renard, who led Zambia and Ivory Coast to Afcon trophies in 2012 and 2015 respectively, is in charge of Saudi Arabia. He’s reported to be on a big financial package, although his contract expires in June. Having led the Saudis to a 5-0 win over Palestine in the first 2022 World Cup qualifying match last month, the Saudis are keen to give him a new contract. According to an insider, Renard has not applied for the Bafana job as he is happy in Saudi Arabia. Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe confirmed there will be a technical committee meeting today but declined to elaborate. “I’m not part of the meeting,” said Motlanthe. An insider, who will be part of the meeting, is hopeful their voices will finally be heard. He said, when he made his recommendation when Ntseki was appointed, he was outvoted by Jack Maluleka, who is the head of the technical committee. “I don’t want to be that guy who says ‘we told you so’. But those who pushed certain agendas should take responsibility,” said the insider. When Motlanthe was asked about Maluleka’s credibility as many people have lost confidence in him asthe head of the technical committee, he declined to be drawn into the matter.