THE elderly have appealed to the government to consider doing door-to-door vaccination for them. They said registering for the vaccine online was difficult as they often couldn’t afford data, didn’t have smartphones or didn’t know how to use the internet. The Covid vaccine registration portal for people over the age of 60 went live in the middle of this month. This is part of phase two, which is expected to run from 17 May until October. Phase two covers essential workers such as cops and teachers, and people over the age of 18 with comorbidities. The cabinet recently announced that more than 3 338 vaccination sites had been identified throughout the country. The programme to vaccinate health workers resumed yesterday after it was suspended over fears it might cause blood clots in some patients. Ouma Mokagane (55) told Daily Sun: “My husband is 65-years-old and we don’t know anything about technology or smartphones.  Gogo Anna Mabowane (77) said she wanted protection against the virus, but she was scared of injections.  “I know what the coronavirus is but the use of vaccines was never explained to us properly. I fear side effects such as blood clots. I also don’t know how to use a cellphone or a computer. I rely on my grandchildren for almost everything, even when I go to collect my pension grant.” Gogo Anna Phiri (74) said she lived alone and couldn’t walk very far.  ALSO READ: ANC
SUSPENDS SUPRA! “We need officials to come to our homes and help us register. I can’t read English and even if I were to be shown the system, I’d fill in the wrong details.” Gogo Elza Mokomena (62) said her kids would be able to help her register but whenever she got an injection, her body became swollen.  Madala Freddy Khumalo (68) said: “Everything is now on the internet. I’m ready to register. I’ve already spoken to my daughters to help me when they come visit.” In a statement, Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhizi said nearly half a million elderly citizens had already registered on the portal. He urged people to help the elderly register.