SAFA has gone mum of the Bafana Bafana report! This is despite being the requisite for any parting of ways with an employee, in such a high level position, then a report is sought to learn from it and not make similar mistakes in the future. Today former Bafana Bafana coach, Molefi Ntseki, is still awaiting a date with Safa to submit his report detailing on what transpired that led to the national team failing to qualify for the 2022 Afcon, subsequently leading to his axing. Bafana missed a flight to Cameroon for Africa's premier competition following an unexpected 2-0 loss to Sudan, which saw them complete the Group C log on position three, leaving Ghana and the Sudanese qualifying in the group. His business manager, Thato Matuka, confirmed that the report is ready to be submitted, but no one from Safa House has officially requested him sub it. "The last time we heard about the report was during a media briefing last week. Safa requested the report at the press conference and they have never told us anything about it. Nobody requested a report, though it is ready. Maybe it goes back to how we parted. It was not normal. Nobody has said anything to us except for the termination letter," said Matuka. He confirmed that they received Ntseki's contract termination on April Fools day (1 April) after first having known about the coach's sacking through the media. Matuka said they have since forwarded the termination letter to their legal counsel for perusing and advise them on what action to take from there onwards. When asked if there is anything they disagree with on the contract that led to seeking legal advise, Matuka replied: "It's not a question of happy or unhappy, the contents warranted for us to seek legal advise. Maybe we're not reading it correctly, this is why we wanted a legal person to interpret it better for us, and guide on the way forward." With Safa already in search for a new coach, Safa are yet to meet with Ntseki for an exit interview, as it is a mandatory process after every parting of ways. "Again, maybe it is how we parted, it was not normal," he said.