TEENAGE pregnancy has been a problem for a while in Mzansi. But parents are now annoyed at teenagers who’re sharing photos of their pregnant bellies all over social media. One photo that has people talking is of a pregnant teenager showing off her belly while in her school uniform and a boy, also wearing uniform, kisses her baby bump. “It’s bad enough that we’re faced with teenage pregnancies. But gloating about them is just on another level of a slap on parents’ faces. I don’t know if I should say we have failed as parents or if our kids just don’t care about our feelings anymore,” said Thandazile Nkabinde. Lungile Maesela said these are young and stupid teenagers. “They will look back at this 15 years later and realise that once you make a decision like this, there’s no reverse button. You will live with the consequences, no matter how difficult they are,” she said. Nsibande Bonisile said she worked as a teacher in another country and found she often gave special treatment to the pregnant girls. “I should not have. Many teachers and administrators treat them differently. This behaviour only sends the message to the other girls that they could get special attention and privileges if they were pregnant,” she said. She said she now realises it seemed like she was saying it’s okay to be a teenager and pregnant. Gugu Sithole said she hopes the two pupils see the comments all over social media and rethink before posting such photos. She said it’s hard enough for parents to accept such, but bragging about it is another thing. “But then if you are mature enough to decide to have sex and take on the responsibility of a child, then you should be mature enough to take all the consequences of pregnancy. These girls don’t need to be cuddled. They need to know they will be sacrificing the rest of their lives for these new babies,” said Gugu. Thabo Mokoena said he was arguing with his little sister not so long ago because she kept posting such photos. “I understand that eventually they accept and love their pregnancies, but doing this is a slap back to our parents,” said Thabo.