The University of Pretoria is on high alert after more than 100 students tested positive for Covid-19. The positive students have been placed in isolation at their homes and facilities approved by the Department of Health, the university said. University spokesman, Rikus Delport, said they are not isolated in any of the University of Pretoria’s residences. Delport said initial reports indicated that 55 students from the university tested positive after the 19 March outing, prompting the institution to take immediate action to minimise the risk of exposure of members of the university. “A number of students at a few residences tested positive, and the university took immediate action to manage the situation and facilitate full sanitisation of all communal areas as well as the areas specifically occupied by the affected students. “It is suspected that the first infection arose after social contact at a venue frequented by students outside of campus. “We remind students again of the importance of adhering to all the Covid-19 protocols as set out on the University of Pretoria’s website,” Delport said. He said the success of the protocols in protecting the health and safety of the university community depends on everyone accepting the responsibility to protect themselves and others through strict compliance. He said all relevant authorities were notified and the university was working closely with them to implement all necessary precautions to prevent the spread of the virus. “The university treats the health and safety of its students and staff as a priority and has developed and implemented health and safety protocols to minimise the risk of exposure of members of our community to the virus,” he said. All in-residence social activities have been put on hold and members of the university’s community were encouraged to exercise extreme caution in social contexts off campus, where the applicable protocols in place may be less rigorous or less rigorously enforced than those applied by the university.