JEREMIAH Maseko still doesn’t understand how he was scammed by a sangoma to sell his RDP. The sangoma also took all the money from the sale. The 55-year-old from Buhle Park, Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun he sold the house for R260 000. “When we tried to change ownership, we found that I owed services amounting to R70 000. “We agreed for the buyer to pay it and transfer the rest to me. Then R160 000 was transferred into my account.” The sangoma told him to withdraw the money and bring it to his indumba for cleansing. His nightmare started when he felt pain in his leg in December. “I went to this sangoma because I used to see his shack when passing by. He gave me something to drink and suggested a consultation. “He said I was bewitched and bad things were following me. “He told me things were planted in my yard and we needed to remove them. He told me to buy white sugar.” The sangoma sprinkled muthi in the yard and house. “He told me to keep the sugar sealed and move it from one cardboard to another for three days.” After three days the sangoma told him to bring the sugar. When Jeremiah and his wife Dumukile Mkhize got there, the sangoma opened the sugar and everyone was shocked by what they saw. “A lot of muthi came out. A voice then called me. It was allegedly my great-grandfather, saying he wanted to get me out of poverty. “He said he’d brought a suitcase full of money, which the sangoma gave me. It had R100 notes.” Jeremiah said his mkhulu told him it was R4,5 million. He also told him he didn’t want him to live in his house and should sell it as there was a lot of witchcraft. He was told to mix the sale money with the one in the suitcase. “I sold the house and took the money to the sangoma. He put it in the suitcase, locked it and gave me the key. He said he’d call in the morning.” But when Jeremiah and Dumukile went to his shack the following day, it was no longer there. Daily Sun couldn’t find the new owner of the house, and the sangoma’s phone went to voicemail. Captain Mavela Masondo said cops were investigating a case of fraud.