MOURNERS came in large numbers to celebrate mama Jostina Sangweni’s life and bid her farewell. Her funeral service was held at the Naledi Community Hall in Soweto on Saturday, 17 April. Those in attendance were in high spirits to make it a day to remember. Speaking at the service, Jostina’s cousin Thembi Xaba said people should always bear in mind that no one wakes up in the morning and decides to become a sangoma. “If people knew and understood the pain that comes with the journey, they would stop associating it with ubuthakathi. By the time a person decides to honour their calling, their family has turned their backs on them. They are judged, sidelined, lose jobs and relationships, and are mostly loners but that’s not their doing,” said Thembi.  She said people should not only educate themselves about mental illness but ubungoma as well. “I know an incident like this might happen again somewhere and I hope people would have educated themselves enough to spare a life. To the Sangweni family, please look after my uncle because I see he is very fragile now. This has hit him hard and he will need all the love he can get,” she said. Lucy from the Naledi Community Policing Forum said people should strive to be agents of change. “As adults, we must remember that kids are watching our actions. If there were children watching while Jostina was being tortured, what did they learn? Are we saying violence is the only solution? In all honesty the situation could have been handled better keeping humanity in mind,” said Lucy. Councillor Thulani Buthelezi said as Africans we need to take pride in who we are.  “I can tell you now that you’ll never hear someone say they are going to see their sangoma. But they can say they’re going to see Dr Dlamini for their appointment. This shows that we treat traditional healing as taboo,” said Buthelezi. He went on to say the history of black people has been distorted hence all these barbaric acts. “We are losing touch of who we are. Baba Credo Mutwa tried to be an agent of change but he couldn’t do it alone. We need to take it further, izangoma and izinyanga need to stand and fight for what’s theirs. We rely on them to bring us back to the basics,” he said. Jostina was brutally beaten and burnt in March after she was found in someone’s yard in Mapetla. The video showing her beating was trending all over social media and sparked a debate. Last week, two suspects were arrested in connection with her murder. The suspects appeared in the Protea Magistrates Court on Monday, 12 April and were denied bail. 