ORLANDO
Pirates were held to a goalless draw by Algerian side Es Setif in the Caf
Confederation Cup Group A match at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday afternoon. Although,
Pirates already have one foot in the knockout stages, the draw means they will
need to win their last group match against Nigerian side Enyimba next Wednesday
to secure their place in the quarterfinals. Bucs were hoping to secure a place
in the quarterfinals with one game to spare.  Despite the draw, Pirates
still head the standings on 9 points from five matches, while second placed
Enyimba could get equal with them on points if they beat Libyan side Al Ahly
Benghazi today. Third
placed Setif could still qualify if they beat Benghazi and hope Enyimba lose
today and against Pirates. The Algerian side have collected five points from
the same number of matches. Setif are aware that victory for will surely end
their hopes of going through. Pirates
coach Josef Zinnbauer gave Siyabonga Mpontshane the chance to start between the
posts, while Wayne Sandilands was on the bench. The German also gave Mpontshane
a rare start when they beat Nigerian side Enyimba 2-1 in their last Caf match
played at the same venue. However, the 35-year-old only lasted 20 minutes in
the game as was replaced by Sandilands having limped off the pitch in pain due
to a thigh injury he sustained after he collided with Setif striker Daniel
Lomotey. This is a huge blow for Pirates considering that Sandilands is now the
only keeper that is injury free as first choice stopper Richard Ofori is still
in the casualty room. Zinnbauer
welcomed back Bafana Bafana captain Thulani Hlatshwayo who wore the armband and
partnered Ntsikelelo Nyauza in the absence of Happy Jele. Tshegofatso Mabasa
was given the nod upfront alongside Deon Hotto having scored the winner against
Enyimba. The match was physical from the onset with Mozambique referee Armindo
Celso taking centre stage in a bid to control tempers from spiralling out of
hand. Pirates
pilled more pressure on Setif after the break hoping to get the desired
victory. Mabasa missed a clear-cut scoring chance in the 48th minutes from
inside the penalty box when he shot over the bar.