FOLLOWING the death of AKA’s fiancee Anele “Nellie” Tembe, people on social media have been opening about living with mental illness. Mzansi celebs have also joined in a thread on Twitter and spoken about struggling with mental illness. The thread was started by Dr Carolina Odman, who spoke about struggling with mental illness. Afro-soul singer Simphiwe Dana also commented and shared her story. From there, Mel Bala, K Naomi, Brenda Mntambo and Nina Hastie joined in too. Simphiwe said she suffers from depression and anxiety. “I am Simphiwe Dana and I suffer from depression and anxiety. I don’t take meds for the depression as I fear it will affect my creativity. I do take Stresam for the anxiety,” she wrote. “Thank you for sharing. I am Melanie Bala and I’ve suffered from depression, and post-natal depression. I take medication for my anxiety when it flares up. Let’s destigmatise,” Mel wrote. TV personality K Naomi said she found out she had minor depression in 2018. ALSO READ | 'AKA IS INCONSOLABLE' “Thank you for sharing. I am K Naomi Noinyane and in 2018 I found out I had minor depression but chose not to take meds because I was too scared to be reliant on them. I do although still suffer from anxiety. A therapist and my supportive family are my coping mechanisms,” she wrote. Nina Hastie wrote about her experience with manic depression on Sunday. She wrote a thread on Twitter about what a person goes through and where they can get help. Afro-soul singer Brenda Mntambo also opened up and said she survived on medication for anxiety for over a year. She said she’ll title her new album SANE as a reminder that she is well. “This is an introduction to my healing process from the pain I have endured in the past. This is me getting up and not allowing it to consume me like it has. This is me coming back to myself as I have forgotten who I was and honestly I wasn’t functioning well mentally for some time now. This is me pouring my heart to therapy and claiming my life again,” she wrote. “MENTAL HEALTH is real thing. I have survived on chronic medication for anxiety for over a year now. I know I have to survive this and get well for myself and also my kids. I decided to name my upcoming album #SANE as a reminder that I am well, that all is well, that I can come out of this pit and live and be happy again,” wrote Brenda. Thank you for sharing. I am Simphiwe Dana and I suffer from depression and anxiety. I don’t take meds for the depression as I fear it will affect my creativity. I do take stressam for the anxiety. https://t.co/eu4lYLZQFx Thank you for sharing. I am Melanie Bala and I've suffered from depression, and post-natal depression. I take medication for my anxiety when it flares up. Let's destigmatise ???? https://t.co/UQfTpCY2DB Thank you for sharing.I am K Naomi Noinyane and in 2018 I found out I had minor depression but chose not to take meds because I was to scared to be reliant on them.I do although still suffer from anxiety...A therapist and my supportive family are my coping mechanisms.???? https://t.co/MZkiPc014n A thread about Depression -I’m not a medical health professional but this is my experienceFirstly, there are different forms of depression & different ways that they manifest. Personally I suffer from manic-depression. This is the most difficult to identify - and why people Shared post on Time 