 THE ever unending taxi war between the Witwatersrand African
Taxi Owners Association (WATA) and Nancefield Dube West Taxi Association
(NANDUWE) associations in Soweto has started again. Yesterday (Monday), the two associations left commuters in
Soweto stranded following blockading of roads. Daily Sun tried to reach Sipho Nkwanyana, WATA spokesman
following the blocking the roads, despite several calls and texts, he could not
be reached. However after the incident, Gauteng MEC for Public Transport
and Roads Infrastructure, Jacob Mamabolo issued a statement in which he
strongly condemns the resurgence of taxi-related conflict. Mamabolo has called on law enforcement agencies to protect
commuters and motorists whilst ensuring those responsible for the inconvenience
to commuters and motorists, instability, threatening the safety of passengers
and residents are brought to book. “It has come to our attention that there have been incidents
of taxi-related violence involving NANDUWE and WATA taxi associations in Soweto
recently. Both associations are warned to refrain from causing instability in
the area or face possible closure. As we work towards our commitment to
creating a gun-free taxi industry, we will not allow a situation where few
individuals threaten the lives of commuters and residents. We call on
law-enforcement agencies to deal harshly with the perpetrators of this
violence,” Mamabolo warned. The two associations have been in the news last year when
the MEC dissolved the executive committees of both associations following
deadly clashes that resulted in the death of at least two people. This after the North Gauteng High Court had ratified an
agreement between Gauteng’s major taxi structures, the Gauteng National Taxi
Alliance (GNTA) and the South African National Taxi Council (SANTACO-Gauteng),
giving the MEC powers to dissolve taxi associations involved in acts of
violence. Through the agreement, the MEC is empowered by law to place
associations involved in violence under administration or close them in terms
of Section 91 of the National Land Transport Act. This ensures that no person shall be allowed to undertake
passenger road transport services at affected ranks or on identified routes. MEC Mamabolo stressed that the Provincial Government “will
not be frustrated in our efforts to improve, modernise and integrate the taxi
industry as part of a safe, accessible and efficient public transport system”.