HOURS after a damning report implicating Gauteng Education
MEC Panyaza Lusufi’s involvement in a tender disaster, calls continue to mount
demanding for his head to be chopped. The report by Daily Sun’s sister publication, published a
story about a secret tender meeting in Soshanguve. According to City Press, Lesufi was recorded in that meeting
held on February 3 which he allegedly held with his team, during which his
department tenders were discussed. In the recording, Lesufi allegedly told the team that, as an
MEC, he had to ensure that people were satisfied at all costs. "As comrades, l'm telling you that, if I have to assist
you to make business with the department, school governing bodies SGBs] are the
ones who deal with schools' businesses. I'm pleading with you, comrades, to
convene meetings of area SGBs so that when they advertise for people to bid,
they should advertise in this WhatsApp group, because if I interfere in that
area, I'll be accused of involving myself in their business. Some SGBs ask for
quotations from their uncles and relatives. I'm telling you that you should
know and be involved," said Lesufi. Following the damning report, several political parties
weighed in, with many calling for Panyaza to be removed. Herman Mashaba: “This is disgusting. How do you sleep at
night knowing that children are literally being robbed of their future?
Education should be a key to empowering young people - not empowering your own
bank balance,” read his statement. Mmusi Maimane: “These are serious allegations. I hope you
can clarify to the public what transpired at this meeting. We have a serious
problem with wasteful tenders in the basic education system as evidenced by the
R431 million wasted last year in Gauteng! Take us into your confidence,” said
Maimane. Economic Freedom Fighters issued a calling Lusufi a cowboy. “We call for the immediate removal of Panyaza Lusufi as an
MEC, for brazenly plotting patronage and the robbery of the basic education
sector in Gauteng in a time of global economic crisis. Lusufi thrives on
pretending to work for public relations purposes, while lining his pockets,”
read the statement. In his defence, Lusufi rejected the report, claiming it is
misleading. “I am fully aware that there are forces at play who want to
assassinate my character for political expediency. Unfortunately, in a
democratic society, the accuser doesn’t have to proof their allegations but the
accused must proof their innocence. I have no control over these faceless
elements, but I will not be deterred to continue with my work to ensure quality
education for all is realised” said Lesufi. “I reject this with the contempt it deserves and wants to
assure the people and specifically contractors of Gauteng that the GDE runs a
fair and transparent process of appointing and allocating work to, contracted
service providers,” he added.