BULLISH Mamelodi Sundowns co-coach Rulani Mokwena says they are in control of their destiny despite failure to get maximum points in their last three league matches. Out of possible nine points, Sundowns only managed to get two from goalless draws against AmaZulu and Golden Arrows. They suffered their first league defeat between those two games when they lost 2-1 to Kaizer Chiefs. The dropping of points has seen AmaZulu close the chasm at the top of the log to a single point with seven games to go in the DStv Premiership. On Sunday, the log leaders visit Orlando Stadium for another tricky encounter against Orlando Pirates at 3pm. Sundowns are leading the log with 48 points after 23 matches, AmaZulu are second with 47 points gathered from 25 outings. Sundowns, lead by the trio of coaches; Mokwena, Manqoba Mngqithi and Steve Komphela could go to the Sunday match sitting second on the log with two points behind AmaZulu. But that will only happen if Usuthu beat Golden Arrows in a KZN derby on Saturday. “There’s no perfect season,” Mokwena told the media in a virtual press conference on Thursday ahead of their Pirates clash. “However, the reality is that we are in control of the situation. Our destiny is in our hands. “We trust the players. We said to them yesterday (Wednesday) they might not always trust us because you know how players are, when they are playing they trust coaches when they don’t play they don’t trust the coaches and they are not happy with all the decisions that the coaches make but we have full confidence in them.” He believes that their experience will also play a role in situations like these. He said: “The experience they have in terms of winning things. When you are in control, you do not stress about anybody else. Our focus is to ensure we finish these block of games as best as possible we can. “It is clear that we may not reach the targeted number of points. We have done a great job at the beginning, and we banked a couple of points so that when a slight mistake happens, you can go to your overdraft and be okay. “We are okay, we are okay.”