SEDIBENG cops had their hands full this Easter weekend, with several murders reported. On Saturday, police arrested a 20-year-old man from Sebokeng for the murder of a 16-year-old teenager who died due to a stab wound. “It’s alleged the deceased and the suspect engaged in a heated argument,” said Captain Thivhulawi Tshilate of Sebokeng police. “The suspect allegedly took out a sharp object and stabbed the deceased on the left side of the neck.” The suspect was immediately arrested and will appear in the Sebokeng Magistrates Court soon. In another incident, a person died after being stabbed three times. Captain Tshilate said a 23-year-old man suspect was bust for the murder in Sonderwater in Sebokeng, also on Saturday. Captain Tshilate said the victim was allegedly stabbed by his brother-in-law after he struck his 26-year-old sister with a stick. “The dead man was in a heated argument with the suspect’s sister. The deceased hit the suspect’s sister with a wooden stick. “The suspect allegedly took out a sharp object and was said to have stabbed the 26-year-old man on the left side of the chest and left arm,” said Tshilate. He died a few minutes later. The suspect was immediately arrested and will appear in the Sebokeng Magistrates Court soon. In a third incident, a 39-year-old man from Evaton was arrested on Saturday after allegedly killing his 35-year-old girlfriend. The couple had an argument and he allegedly ended up stabbing her. Tshilate said the information the suspect allegedly assaulted the woman several times before the incident. “We’re told the suspect assaulted his girlfriend in their rented room on 23 March. On Thursday, 1 April, the dead woman’s family allegedly took her to Sebokeng Hospital for medical treatment due to injuries sustained and she was admitted. “On Saturday, she died due to injuries she sustained during the assault,” said Tshilate. “Through thorough investigations conducted and supplemented by the Sedibeng K9 unit, a bloodstained knife was found hidden in the dust bin.” The suspect was immediately arrested. He will appear in Sebokeng Magistrates Court soon. Cops are also looking for suspects who hijacked and killed a man on Sunday in Sebokeng. Tshilate said cops are hunting for two middle-aged men. He said after the car was hijacked, the owner was found with a bullet wound on the right thigh in unit 12, Sebokeng. “According to his 23-year-old girlfriend, the deceased stopped at the gate and she alighted from the car to open the gate. “She said two unknown men emerged from the darkness and ordered her to lie down on the ground. The other suspect ordered her boyfriend to get out of his blue VW Golf 7 TSI with registration number JZN 735 MP.” Tshilate said the suspects fired two shots and forced the driver into the boot of the car and drove off. The deceased was found on Sunday morning at around 4am, lying on the ground with a gunshot wound on the right thigh. Captain Tshilate said the victim’s car was found abandoned behind Boitumelo Primary School in Sebokeng. Sedibeng acting district commissioner Brigadier Pule Phillip Mokoena condemned the barbaric incidents. Police appealed to anyone with information about the whereabouts of the suspects, or who may know who are the suspects involved in this incident are, to report anonymously to CrimeStop on 08600 10111, SMS Crime Line on 32211 or via the MySAPSApp All information will be treated with confidentiality.