Social actions and civil society organisations have
began a petition, calling on Human Settlements, Water and Sanitation Minister
Lindiwe Sisulu to allocate and launch funds meant for the Rent Relief Scheme. Housing legislation advocacy group Ndifuna Ukwazi,
Housing Assembly, Social Justice Coalition (SJC) and the Poor Flat Dwellers
Movement, amongst others, stated in a joint assertion that there could be dire
penalties on account of the division’s failure to honour its guarantees to
supply lease reduction. “The minister herself has repeatedly stated that the
pandemic has exacerbated existing social and economic inequalities. The
national lockdowns imposed by the government to save lives have had the
inadvertent effect of creating societal insecurity: many people have lost their
incomes and livelihoods or have had their incomes diminished, are facing the
threat of losing their homes and are experiencing unprecedented rates of
hunger,” the assertion learn. In July final year, Sisulu introduced in her finances
vote speech that her division deliberate to allocate R600 million in direction
of rental reduction for tenants in reasonably priced housing going through
monetary misery as a result of financial penalties of the Covid-19 pandemic. The funding was geared toward tenants in “formal
affordable housing”, and was meant to assist these going through the specter of
homelessness to satisfy their month-to-month rental obligations. Eight months
after her public dedication, no particulars of the reduction scheme have been
shared. Sisulu’s spokesperson Steven Motale advised News24
that “plans are at an advanced stage for the rollout of the Residential Rent
Relief fund. Two institutions reporting to the Department of Human Settlements,
Social Housing Regulatory Authority (SHRA) and National Housing Finance
Corporation have been tasked with a responsibility to execute this programme”. He stated Sisulu wished to be sure that all techniques
have been in place, together with the coverage, earlier than it was carried
out. “This
is meant to ensure that only qualifying people benefit from this programme. The
announcement on the roll out plan is expected to be made by mid-April this
year.”