Indications are that the SA Football Association's (Safa) technical committee are finding it hard to find a new Bafana Bafana coach, for now. They sat on Thursday chasing the deadline to finalise their names for whom they'll recommend to take over the hot-seat. The committee, chaired by the federation's senior national executive committee member, Jack Maluleka, is expected to find a replacement for axed Molefi Ntseki by end of Thursday. They had heated deliberations on who should replace Ntseki, but most of their candidates are not interested. Names have bandied about on who is a suitable locally to replace Ntseki, but SunSport understands that most of those candidates are not interested in taking over the job. SunSport can reveal that Pitso Mosimane, their number one candidate, is not interested in the job following his soar history with the federation. "Pitso just laughed out loud when we spoke to him about possibility of him returning to Bafana. He asked 'why?'. He is clear that he doesn't want to work with Safa. He likes Bafana and wants to help, but not with the current structure," a source close to Pitso said. Benni McCarthy, who comes secondary to Mosimane, is tight up on a contract with AmaZulu and his boss, Sandile Zungu, has indicated that he will not want to lose him, despite the old time Bafana goalscorer interested. Gavin Hunt has been pulled out of the race as he's indicated that he has a big job to fix Kaizer Chiefs and has already recommended players and altered the squad. The wild card, Manqoba Mngqithi of Mamelodi Sundowns, has come clear that he does not want to coach Bafana and he's comfortable where he is in Chloorkop. The committee will come up with the top two they think are capable and submit names to Safa's NEC who will then ratify and start opening up conversations. With the current situation, the committee will be left to look elsewhere, either from the tons of CV's they've received, including that of Carlos Queiroz. The selection committee comprises expertise of several ex footballers and coaches in Buddha Mathathe, former Bafana Bafana and Leeds United legend, Lucas Radebe, David Nyathi, Boobie Solomons, Farouk Khan, Sudesh Singh and president of the SA Football Coaches Association, Greg Mashilo. Safa president Danny Jordaan would be drawn into commenting on the subject, safe to say: "I'm waiting for the final word from the technical committee and it'll go straight to the NEC." But Safa is under pressure to have a coach before end of the month, which means there's just about two weeks left.