MAMELODI Sundowns co-coach, Manqoba Mngqithi, believes former Bafana Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki was not fully supported by the SA Football Association (Safa). He said Ntseki did not get a chance to have his own permanent technical team to work with. He also believes the former SA Under-17 coach did well under the circumstances and the association should take part of the blame for the national team’s debacle of failing to qualify for next year’s Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals. Mngqithi further told SunSport he rejected the offer to be the next Bafana coach after his name was thrown into the hat as the potential replacement of Ntseki. The former Golden Arrows coach revealed that he is “committed” to Sundowns, and for now he’s not interested in coaching Bafana. Mngqithi’s focus is on winning the DStv Premiership this season, winning the Caf Champions League and taking the club back to the Fifa Club World Cup, amid rumours that Safa’s technical committee has set their sights on hiring him to replace Ntseki. Downs, under co-coaches Mngqithi, Steve Komphela and Rhulani Mokwena, lead the DStv Premiership table with 43 points after 19 games and are the only club who have their unbeaten league record intact. Sundowns are also through to the Caf Champions League quarter-finals after winning Group B with 13 points from six matches. “At the moment, my focus is on Sundowns,” said Mngqithi when asked about his reaction if Safa would come calling for him to take over the Bafana job. “Unfortunately, my focus is on the championship (the league), the Champions League which will see the team (back) in the Club World Cup and the Nedbank Cup. “Those are the things I’m concentrating on right now. It will be difficult at this stage for that to happen (for me to take over), but I’m not saying it will not happen. “But at this stage, I’m committed to Sundowns.” Mngqithi added Ntseki was working with Kwanele Kopo and Arthur Zwane as his assistant coaches, although these two individuals were employed by SuperSport United and Kaizer Chiefs, respectively. It means they weren’t fully focused on their task at Bafana as required by Safa, and these are issues the association should have addressed. CONTINUED ON PAGE 15