POPULAR DJ Black Coffee has broken his silence. This after he appeared in court on Tuesday, 13 April on charges by his estranged wife Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa that he assaulted her at her 33rd birthday dinner party. She claimed he stormed their house and shouted at her, asking why she didn’t obtain permission from him to host the party and slapped her hand in his car as guests looked on. However, the Ready for You hitmaker has broken his silence about the matter for the first time. “In the name of respect and dignity for my family, I have been quiet, but now I feel the need to speak. GBV is a major issue in our country. Every day we read about horrendous crimes committed by men against women and children,” he wrote on Twitter. “I personally grew up witnessing GBV in my own household from a young age and I vowed never to allow that to happen again under any circumstances. I did not assault Mbali, the mother of my children. I didn’t do it now and I have never done it before.” ALSO READ | AMAPIANO TRIO UNITES AFRICA The DJ, whose real name is Nkosinathi Maphumulo, said: “It is truly regrettable that she has chosen to mislead the public in the name of GBV and seek a protection order against me to separate me from my children.” He said the divorce proceedings have been painful. “Divorce is never easy, but it has been especially painful and I’ve spent the last three years in and out of intense therapy to deal with it privately. Every day I’m attacked by relentless lies and falsehoods. I did not assault her.” The DJ said he would fight the contents of the order. “As a law-abiding citizen, I will absolutely observe the demands of the interim court order, but will categorically oppose the permanent installation of its prescripts and this is why we are currently in court.” Mbali’s publicist Tlhogi Ngwato said: “We are thankful for the support of the many women and organisations who came to stand with Mbali and her family today. “It is truly heart-warming and encouraging to know neither Mbali or the many victims of abuse at the hands of a significant other are alone in the fight to bring an end to the scourge of domestic violence. This journey further fuels her commitment to ensuring fewer women, girls and vulnerable groups have to live in a society that is so endemic with violence.”