KZN artists’ activist, Thokozani “Tzozo” Zulu used Sfiso Dladla’s funeral service on Wednesday to send President Cyril Ramaphosa a small message. Dladla (42) was an Ithemba Musical Group member, who succumbed to his gunshot injuries on 24 March at Prince Mshiyeni Memorial Hospital in Umlazi. He was admitted to hospital on 14 March after he was shot eight times in the home of the alleged local thugs that he and other Community Police Forum (CPF) members had gone to confront. Tzozo told Chairman of the Portfolio Pommittee on Health, Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo, who was among the mourners, that he needed to tell President Cyril Ramaphosa that singing was the only thing that helped them feed their families. ALSO READ: IDOLS SA WINNER PAYS LOBOLA! “Tell him that the aritists that closed off the N3 in a protest last years were not mentally sick. They were fighting for their talent, something they know best,” said Tzozo. He said sing was their God-given talent. “In the meetings that you have with the President, advise him in a correct way – a manner that would also benefit us, as artists. As artists, we have families to feed. This should be discussed at national level.” He said when they cry for 70% they know exactly what they mean. He said they didn’t ask for 100%because they wanted to leave 30% for social distancing. “When you go to malls, nobody counts the number of people who get in there, that’s 100%. You go to taxis, you find 100%. They same thing happens when it comes to flights,” said Tzozo. He said 250 people in a closed venue was not enough for them as artists because usually, the tickets they sell are arpund R100. “ There you get R25 000 but that money is not enough because there’s usually a sound system to be hired and then artists that attend the event to perform they also expect payment so president’s calculations affects us as artists,” said Tzozo. “I plead that president gets his percentage advices correctly,” said Tzozo. Responding to Tzozo’s plea, Dhlomo said he will make sure his message is heard by the president.