The Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation has
confirmed that a case of fraud alternatively theft was opened with regards to
the so-called Heritage Fund as reported by the complainant. This came after, ANC Veteran and businessman Tokyo Sexwale
revealed that funds from the Heritage Fund which he has been heading has been
stolen. During a media briefing, this afternoon Sexwale told the
media that he needed to bring more clarity on the Heritage Fund. He said he realised that the money which was donated by a
man from Asia was being stolen, he wrote to the Reserve Bank governor, Lesetja
Kganyago telling him fraud and money laundering were happening in the South
African Reserve Bank regarding the funds. He said he handed documents to Kganyago with proof of money
laundering and fraud from within the bank but the governor never got back to
him. He alleged that Kganyago then stopped taking his calls. He also added that Minister of Finance Tito Mboweni and
President Cyril Ramaphosa have also not been responding to his messages. When asked how much was the money stolen, He said money he
said the zeros were more than eight but couldn't say how much exactly. Sexwale said the Heritage fund is not SA money it is from
Asia where he takes his mandate from. He said? the fund is based in Singapore and is owned by
a Chinese man named Chuck Leong He said he is blocked to access the account where the money
is being kept. According to Sexwale when the money went to the Reserve bank
it was later transferred to 18 commercial banks of the well-known people in
South Africa. "We are aware of some of the names of the people who
own those bank accounts, Some are high officials in the country," he
said.? ? Sexwale said? he warned President Cyril Ramaphosa that the
money had been deposited into illegal accounts in other countries including the
UAE.? He said that was the reason they went to report the matter
to the police. "We need help to investigate what happened to the
funds," he said Sexwale said the money was enough to help fix the societal
issues. He said? President Cyril Ramaphosa and former, Jacob Zuma,
were? aware of this fund. "The fund can help the students, for free education in
this country.? Zuma knew about the fund in 2016. Cyril knew about the fund at
that time that's why comrade Zuma spoke about free education, not government
money," he said. He said there are people on Twitter, and he hopes they are
listening, who are saying he is doing this because he wants to be president.? "I am 68 years old, the same age as Cyril. I have done
my time. I have served the people. Underground, ANC army, as premier of this
great province," he said. Hawks spokeswoman Colonel Katlego Mogale said regarding the
issue it is too early in the investigation to speculate as to who the role
players are. She said it is not the norm of the DPCI to reveal names of
suspects or persons of interest before allegations are properly investigated
and such suspects have been before the court.