High-flying Golden Arrows will aim for all three 2020-21 DStv Premiership points on offer when they host Bloemfontein Celtic at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium in Clermont on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Arrows played to a second successive draw – and a 10th of the season – when they were held 1-1 at Swallows FC on 3 April, with Seth Parusnath scoring the Durban side’s goal. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed 20 points from 11 home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 1-1 draw with Cape Town City in March. "Mixed feelings, I am disappointed that we conceded so late (against Swallows), but truth be told we didn't play our best game. If we got the three points we would've stolen them. We are content with the point," said Arrows head coach Mandla Ncikazi, whose team go into the weekend in second spot, following the result at Dobsonville Stadium. "The team is allowed some off games, it is a lesson going forward, but we know that after a break we are not the same team. It is a lesson for all of us. If we look at the bigger picture, we got a point away from home so let's learn from that and move forward. "You will only create opportunities if you are able to keep the ball, we failed to do that against Swallows so that is something we have to work on going into our next game." Celtic broke a five-game winless streak in the league when they defeated TS Galaxy 2-1 at home on 4 April, thanks to goals from Menzi Masuku and Victor Letsoalo. Phunya Sele Sele have claimed three points from 10 away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 1-1 draw at Baroka FC in March. "We played well, we started the game very well and we were in control," said Celtic head coach John Maduka following their win over Galaxy. "Performance wise, first half we did very well. We were in control of the game for so many moments. We created so many chances which is a good thing going forward, we are happy with the three points and look forward to the next match." In head-to-head stats, Celtic and Arrows have met in 33 league matches since the 2000-01 season. Phunya Sele Sele have claimed 14 wins compared to four for Abafana Bes’thende, while 15 matches have been drawn. The Durban side has recorded three wins, seven draws and six defeats from 16 home matches in the rivalry. When the teams met earlier this season, at Dr Molemela Stadium in October 2020, they played out a 1-1 draw: Arrows led through Ntsako Makhubela, but Celtic hit back with an equaliser from Lucky Baloyi. Phunya Sele Sele are unbeaten in the last seven league meetings of these clubs.