WITH the ongoing gender-based violence in Mzansi, The Tin Town Theatre, in association with Mmabana Arts Culture and Sports Foundation, brings you a powerful play titled, Paradox of Life. The play is based on gender-based violence, the complexities of relationships and how the truth can change everything. Directed by one of the emerging female artists in the North West, Khumoitsile Motsikoe, the 75-minute play centres around a young girl, who at age 13, was sexually and physically assaulted by two young men. A decade later, traumatised, she struggles to navigate through life and relationships. The contemporary show is performed by actors and dancers from Mmabana Arts Culture and Sports Foundation, a centre in Mahikeng, that has produced many successful creative artists in the country. ALSO READ: TZOZO'S MESSAGE TO RAMAPHOSA! These include the likes of Zenzo Ngqobe, who’s popularly known for his role as Stone Khuse in Rhythm City. Artistic Director and producer at The Tin Town Theatre, Tshepo Ratona, told Daily Sun: “We invited Mmabana to perform on our platform because of the powerful story they have to share. Our patrons have an appetite for content that is thought-provoking. And Paradox of Life is just that. Khumoitsile has done an amazing job to bring out the essence of the story.” Motsikoe, the director and tutor at Mmabana, said: “My concern when I started working on this project was not to find myself being one-sided – because most of the time when we are dealing with GBV we find ourselves concentrating mainly on the female gender. “I wanted to emphasise the point that there is always a cause. I want our audience to realise that every human behaviour has a cause and if we can deal with the root cause, I strongly believe we can address GBV.” Her vision for the play is a reflection of her own childhood experience of GBV and watching her mother being physically abused. And as a tutor, she has also had to deal with abused students. Paradox of life will hit the theatre in April.