NEWLY appointed Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) coach Dylan Kerr is getting frustrated over the issuing of his work permit. His work permit is taking longer than expected. The Englishman joined Vhadau Vhadamani earlier this month on a short-term contract until end of the season. But the former Black Leopards and Baroka FC mentor has been watching his side’s matches from the stands, giving instructions to his assistant coaches David Mathebula and Mpho Maleka, as he waits for Home Affairs to approve his permit. Kerr even missed his players’ famous 6-5 penalties shootout win against PSL giants Mamelodi Sundowns in the Nedbank Cup semi-final at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Sunday, a 0-0 draw after 120 minutes. “I am starting to get worried and frustrated,” said the 54-year-old. “I want to be with the boys doing everything at training and in the matches. We have three crucial matches before the final and I want to be on the bench. “I know our management are doing all they can, but it looks like the delay is at Home Affairs. I just hope this can be solved soon. “The only thing that consoles me is that we have David and Mpho who are helping. “They are good guys and I am enjoying working with them. “I don’t want to miss any game now and I want to be on the bench for the Nedbank Cup final. I am worried that I might even watch the cup final from the stands.” Tshakhuma face Chippa United in Ke Yona Cup’s final on 8 May at Free State Stadium (6pm). Meanwhile, Kerr has warned his players to give their best in their must-win upcoming DStv Premiership matches against Cape Town City, Bloemfontein Celtic and Leopards, to show him that they deserve to play in the Nedbank Cup final. “We are not yet out of the danger zone,” he explained. “We have three cup finals before the Nedbank final. Our aim is to make sure we get points in those games, starting with Cape Town City (at the Cape Town Stadium) on Saturday. “We need to do well in these three games before the final so that we move from the relegation zone.” Tshakhuma are 14th on the log with 19 points from 21 matches. Kerr knows that helping the Venda-based side win Nedbank Cup and survive relegation will boost his chances of getting a new contract at Tshakhuma next season.