HAVE you ever wondered why skincare professionals recommend certain procedures during certain seasons? As summer comes to an end and we head into the colder months, you may want to consider booking those treatments you’ve been postponing. The perfect time for the IPL skin treatments or laser hair removal sessions you’ve been thinking about, is now! But what makes the autumn and winter months more suitable? When undergoing IPL treatments or laser hair removal, it is absolutely essential to keep the treated area out of the sun. Laser treatments can make your skin more sensitive to the sun’s harmful rays, and if laser-treated skin is exposed to the sun, it could lead to hyperpigmentation. Although the sun still emits UV rays during the colder months, we are typically more covered up, and spend less time outdoors, minimising the risk of sun exposure. So now that you have the green light, which treatments should you choose? Pulse Dermatology & Laser has a variety of laser treatments suitable for the upcoming months: Pain-Free Laser hair removal Tired of shaving, plucking and waxing? Pain-Free, Hair-Free is the next generation of laser hair removal. Virtually pain-free, it is an effective and permanent hair reduction solution that takes cutting-edge medical laser technology and combines it with the comfort and convenience of a trip to the spa. Suitable for everyone, this procedure is safe for all skin types, hair types and most hair colours, and can be performed on almost any body part, including legs, arms, bikini line, back, stomach, face and neck. There is no down time, the treatment is quick and easy and you get complete coverage with no missed spots. Laser hair removal is done in a series of around 4 – 6 treatments, each one a couple of weeks apart. Winter is the perfect time to have these treatments done, as you’ll be smooth and fuzz-free in time for summer! Plus, being covered up in warm winter clothing means you won’t accidently expose the treated areas to UV rays. IPL Skin Rejuvenation Photo Rejuvenation is a non-invasive treatment that provides an effective way to correct and treat skin damage without disruption of the skin’s surface, producing younger and healthier looking skin on the face, neck, chest and hands. It can be tailored to your individual condition and skin type, offering you a personalised and targeted treatment plan. IPL treatments are performed using a handheld device that delivers a broad spectrum of light onto the skin’s surface. The wavelengths of light penetrate deep into the skin tissue to stimulate the cells beneath the skin’s surface, and triggers the body’s response to eliminates injured tissues and dead skin cells. IPL treatments are typically administered in a series of 4 - 6 treatments, performed at intervals of a minimum of 3 weeks. Spreading the treatment over this period provides a gradual improvement of the skin, minimal amount of adverse effects and preserves the important “no downtime” feature of the program. IPL Skin Treatments using Photo Rejuvenation will effectively: ·         Treat broken veins and capillaries ·         Reduce redness caused by broken capillaries and Rosacea ·         Eliminate spider veins ·         Treat imperfections from sun damage and photo-ageing age spots ·         Even out skin colour for a more youthful rejuvenated look ·         Decrease fine lines and wrinkles ·         Treat enlarged pores, acne and acne scarring Prolonged sun exposure is to be avoided for 4 weeks before, as well as for the 4 weeks following the treatment. A total sun block should be applied. If further treatment is needed a commitment to stay out of the sun is necessary. If there is direct sun exposure there are certain complications that may occur. Because of the dangers of exposing IPL treated skin to the sun, this is also a fantastic treatment to schedule for the winter months. To book a treatment, or find out more, visit http://pulsedermatologyandlaser.com/, email info@pulsedermatologyandlaser.com or call 021 914 0447.