 NDEBELE activist Thando Mahlangu and Boulders Shopping Centre manager Jose Maponyane have made peace. This follows their heated moment at the mall in Midrand last month. Speaking at the CRL Rights Commission on Thursday 29 April, Maponyane made a public apology to Mahlangu. This was one of the recommendations made by the commission after concluding its investigations. Maponyane said: “I want to apologise to Thando Mahlangu and Nqobile Masuku. I sincerely apologise and I will make sure the unfortunate situation doesn’t happen anywhere again within our group.” Holding no grudges, Mahlangu accepted Maponyane’s apology and reiterated that he didn’t want him to be fired or suspended because of the incident. “I forgive Mr Maponyane for what he did. He was a victim of what happened. I also want to say to him that he must be honest with himself. He must practice and learn all the languages,” he said. Mahlangu thanked the commission for the role it played in matter. The commission’s chairman, Luka Mosoma had recommended that Redefine Properties should reinstate Maponyane as he was a victim of a lost heritage. “This is a special request made by Thando Mahlangu, which is endorsed by the commission,” he said. The mall incident, which went viral on social media, lifted the lid on cultural ignorance and intolerance. The video, which showed Maponyane booting Mahlangu out of the mall, placed him under fire with many calling for his head. He was subsequently suspended by Redefine Properties as pressure mounted for the company to take action against Maponyane. Maponyane and Redefine Properties have since apologised for the uncalled for incident showed willingness to take the commission’s recommendations and guidance on the matter. Being kicked out of the mall for his Ndebele attire last month was not the first time he found himself being singled out for the way he dressed. He was kicked out of Gautrain for the same attire that got him booted out the mall. He previously told Daily Sun the Gautrain incident was terrible as he was trying to get to Tshwane from Joburg and had to resort to standing in long queues for a taxi.