GOLDEN Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi has acknowledged that his side have gone off the boil in the DStv Premiership. He claims his side are stretched because he has to use the same players every week. Abafana Bes’Thende have won only one of their last five league matches, and at the weekend they drew 0-0 against struggling Chippa United at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. Ncikazi said the reason they are struggling to get wins lately is because they hardly change their line up due to having less players in his squad compared to other sides who are also fighting for the Premiership title. Arrows played the Chippa match without Nkosinathi Sibisi due to suspended. Sibisi, who has been brilliant this season, will be back when Arrows visit wounded leaders Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Stadium on Wednesday afternoon (5pm). Downs will be aiming to bounce back after their 2-1 defeat at the hands of Kaizer Chiefs at the same venue at the weekend. “It is showing that we are playing week in and week out (with the same players) and other teams have an opportunity to change but we are not (able to rotate),” said Ncikazi. “I also felt at some point it has taken a toll on our players. But I’m proud of them because you can never question their effort.” The daw against Chippa saw Arrows slip to third, two points behind second placed AmaZulu. The clubs meet in a Durban derby on Sunday. Ncikazi believes they have a chance to return to second spot by beating Sundowns, who have not won any of their last three matches. But Arrows have not defeated Downs in Pretoria in the league match since thumping them 4-2 in October 2008 when Manqoba Mngqithi, now Sundowns co-coach, was in charge. In 37 meetings between the two sides, Arrows have won only nine times while Sundowns have defeated Arrows 21 times. But Ncikazi has urged his side to go to Pretoria and claim maximum points. “Let’s go to Sundowns and steal the points,” added Ncikazi. Downs co-coach Rhulani Mokwena knows what to expect from a “consistent” Arrows side. “Good team,” he said. “They have been consistent throughout the season. They have a clear philosophy structure in all schemes. They use both centre halves and a No 6 coming in to create possibilities and link attack. The last 12 games their goals come from the face of regaining possession and they can react in about eight seconds to reach your final third.”