SOME of amagents said if it were up to them, they’d have the polo-collars of their 4-5s sewn back on. Now, they are warning other guys to rather avoid circumcision. This became a debate on social media with one team rooting for the polo-necks, and the other claiming men just need to learn how to use their 4-5s and stop making excuses. Bryan Moses said: “I got circumcised as it reduces the risk of STIs. Now, I’m crying as I don’t enjoy sex like I used to.” Thabani Mvubu: “I used to enjoy sex when I still had my polo-neck.” Said Gratitude Child: “I regret doing it. Unfortunately, there’s no turning back.” Ntokozo Ntuli said there’s no way uncircumcised men enjoy sex more. “The foreskin gets swollen and can’t have more than one round. The foreskin collects infections.” Many men were in favour of circumcision for health reasons. Sandile Khumalo said: “If you can’t do it, you just can’t. The foreskin can’t decide how good your are in bed.” Women also flocked the comments section saying uncircumcised 4-5s are not attractive. “Sies man. Imagine trying to go down on a guy and be met by a foreskin. No ways, I’m not touching him,” said SlindiD. NalediMbatha said: “I feel the guy is unhygienic when he has a foreskin.” Dr Oscar Ngcuka from the #VukaMngoma Traditional Healers Association said as a man who’s had sex before and after circumcision, more pleasure comes from after. “Firstly, a foreskin is an obstruction on the 4-5. Now, how does removing a cover stop you from enjoying? There’s a lot that young men need to learn. There’s a reason why boys are taken to the mountains.” Ngcuka said mountains are sacred spaces where some of our forebears lost their lives. Dr Noko Tony Moukangwe said circumcision comes with undeniable health benefits. He said although some men still have a problem with it, they need to get it done. “A foreskin collects and houses a lot of bacteria. Removing it means living with a clean 4-5. It also helps with reducing the chances of contracting HIV. “With guys saying it reduces sexual pleasure, I wouldn’t know. I only know sex after circumcision and haven’t had problems.”