ORLANDO Pirates coach, Josef Zinnbauer, is eyeing a win over Swallows FC to boost his players’ confidence. This is ahead of their crucial Caf Confederation Cup Group A match against Nigerian side Enyimba away on Wednesday. Bucs and Birds will battle it out in a DStv Premiership derby at Dobsonville Stadium, Soweto on Saturday (5pm). Pirates aim to overcome Swallows to keep up with title chasers AmaZulu, Golden Arrows and leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. This will be an interesting match considering that only a point separates both sides, with Pirates sitting in fourth position on the league table on 38 points – nine behind Sundowns, while Swallows trail them with a point. Pirates have also targeted a win over Enyimba to secure their place in the knockout stage of the Caf competition. The Soweto giants were held to a goalless draw by Algerian side ES Setif at Orlando Stadium in Midweek. Said Zinnbauer: “The important game is not next week (Enyimba), but the Swallows match on Saturday. “We have to switch focus, but we are also prepared for Enyimba. “I am happy we can play in both tournaments. Now we have a chance to go on with the league to get three points, and next week get good results to go through to the quarter-finals. “The first place (in Confederation Cup) is interesting for us.” The German coach emphasised that conditioning will be vital to rejuvenate his players, who are tired due to a hectic schedule. He added: “We lost a lot of players in the Caf competitions and national teams. We have to find the best energetic players, but it’s not so easy. “We have a lot of tired players who played a lot of 90 minutes in the last few weeks. It’s important for us to know which players can play next week.” Zinnbauer is delighted that his left-back Innocent Maela has fully recovered from injury. “We need a quick recovery to get other players back (from injury). Maela looks good, but other players we will have to wait and see what’s happening.” But Zinnbauer might be forced to call-up youngsters Elson Sithole and Alexi Apollonatos from their DStv Diski Challenge to sit on the bench tomorrow if third choice goalkeeper Siyabonga Mpontshane doesn’t recover on time from a thigh injury he sustained against Setif. Wayne Sandilands is currently the only keeper that is injury free as first choice Richard Ofori is still in the casualty room. “I don’t know what will happen, but it (Mpontshane injury) doesn’t look good. Maybe we will include a young keeper I don’t know, but we will wait and see,” added Zinnbauer. WEEKEND FIXTURES: TODAY TOMORROW SUNDAY