If you are planning on hitting the road with the booze you
might have stock pilled, think again. Cooperative governance and Traditional Affairs Minister
Nkosazana Dlamini announced on Thursday morning that transporting booze is not
allowed over the Easter weekend. While larger Easter gatherings may be permitted,
congregations will still be expected to practise social distancing and
mask-wearing Dlamini-Zuma said. Dlamini-Zuma unpacked the regulations for the Easter
weekend, which President Cyril Ramphosa announced on Tuesday. He said that, amid fears of a third wave of Covid-19
infections, retail liquor sales would be prohibited over the long Easter
weekend. He added that restrictions on religious gatherings would be
relaxed so that 250 people would be allowed indoors and 500 outdoors. Dlamini-Zuma said this relaxation of restrictions would
apply to all gatherings - not just religious services. Despite the relaxed
regulations, she stressed that gatherings would still need to enforce social
distancing of 1.5 metres between attendees, and masks would need to be worn at
all times. "Last year, faith-based gatherings were not allowed
over at Easter because of the stage at which we were with the virus. This year,
the numbers are down, and they're still coming down, and so it's important that
this year religious gatherings should take place during this holy weekend and
subsequently," she said. However, Dlamini-Zuma said venues that were not big enough
to hold 250 people with social distancing, would need to operate at 50%
capacity. The minister warned South Africans against travelling
unnecessarily over the weekend, and urged them to keep to their regular places
of worship, instead of attending services at different venues or "sleeping
over". Inter-provincial travel would still be allowed over the
weekend, she added. Dlamini-Zuma said the regulations on gatherings would be
reassessed after 15 days. "We've learned during December … the more movement
there is of people, the more gatherings there are, the more possibility of the
virus spreading. So having learnt from what happened in December, we have to
take precautions. We know that during Easter weekend there is lots of movement
of people, there are lots of gatherings, besides faith-based gatherings… so
that's why we have to take these precautions. We hope that all of us will
remember that it's people who move the virus," Dlamini-Zuma said. SOURCE: NEWS24 