SEASON 5 of Mzansi Magic’s drama series Rockville premiered on Sunday and Mzansi is loving it. Reacting to the first episode, viewers said their Sundays will never be the same again. To jog your memory, the last four seasons of the much-loved drama series told the tale of JB, played by Shona Ferguson. He’s a high-flying underworld figure involved in a prostitution ring at a top-class cigar lounge in Sandton. When the business started to cause a rift between JB’s middle-class family and that of his in-laws, a working-class household from Rockville, he shut it down. According to the producers of the show, season 5 will carry on where it left off. It will further explore how JB and his wife Lindi, played by Enhle-Mbali Mlotshwa, have to turn their new legitimate five-star establishment Hotel Paradiso into a money spinner as their coffers have dried up. Season 5 will also see new characters entering the world of Rockville, includingThulisile Phongolo who plays the role of Buhle. ALSO READ | KHUZANI TO GET REAL ON TV Speaking to Daily Sun, Thuli said she was excited when she was asked to join the show. “I’ve always wanted to be a part of Rockville and from the on-set when I went to the audition, I knew this is the job I really wanted. “But more than anything, it’s also a comeback for me into acting as I haven’t done any acting in almost a year. Getting this role was also validation that I’ve still got what it takes.” The talented actress described Buhle as a go-getter. “She’s such a layered character that a lot of people will relate to,” she said. “She gives a good angle of what happens when you make decisions that are out of character and go against how you were raised at home.” Here are some of Mzansi reactions to the first episode: Media personality Lasizwe Dambuza said: “Rockville just reminded me how great Sunday TV used to be. This is literally a welcome back to great Sunday TV.” While Aubrey said: “Love them or hate them, the Fergusons know their story and how to produce killer intriguing storylines.” Sthelo said: “Ferguson Productions never disappoint when it comes to sports cars.” Zinhle said: “Rockville showing us how human trafficking will never end because the cops are on the human traffickers’ payroll.”