FARM dwellers in Pampoenkraal Farm, Emabola in Mpumalanga are calling for the government to protect them from the abuse they say they’re facing. They said this during the funeral service of Amos Coka (36) and Zenzele Coka (40) on Saturday, 17 April. The Coka brothers were allegedly shot and killed by farmers last Friday. It’s alleged that they were part of a group that was trying to rescue a friend who was allegedly taken and assaulted by the farmers. Jabulani Nkosi, a neighbour, said the farmers get away with everything they do. He said everyone has suffered from their abuse in the area and carry scars. He said the government knows about their issues but hasn’t come up with a permanent solution. “If the government is failing to help us, they must let us know. It doesn’t help that people continue to die and we remain hopeful that we will one day be assisted. They must just let us know that they have failed,” he said. Farm Residence Workers and Labour Tenants Associations leader, Bongani Hlatshwayo, said a solution is needed as people continue to suffer at the hands of the farmers. “They have guns, and they have power yet we don’t have anything. Our people are suffering and the law doesn’t favour us here. We are asking the government to find a way to deal with this problem. We have had enough,” he said. He said if the farmers find it difficult to live among them, they must leave the area. Mpumalanga Community Safety MEC Vusi Shongwe said farm owners, farm dwellers and the community need to find a way of living with each other. “I know you are angry and hurt, but let us be procedural. It must not be us who compromise the case. It is important that we are sober-minded when taking decisions,” he said. Shongwe appealed to the community to remain calm and allow the courts to deal with the matter. Daniel Malan (38), Cornelius Greyling (26), Othard Klingberg (58) and Michael Sternberg (31) are expected to appear in the Mkhondo Magistrates Court on Monday, 19 April for a formal bail application. They are facing charges of murder, assault and defeating the ends of justice.