TRIBUTES continue to pour in following the passing of Kaya FM host and celebrity doctor, Sindi van Zyl. The beloved doctor died on Saturday in hospital due to Covid-19 complications. She was admitted in February after she had trouble breathing. Her passing was confirmed by her family through a statement. “It’s with profound sadness that we confirm the passing of our wife, mother, sister and daughter, Sindisiwe van Zyl,” read the statement. The Van Zyl family thanked Mzansi for their support to help raise funds for Sindi’s hospital bill: almost R1,3 million was raised. “The Van Zyl family humbly thank everyone who stood together with them recently to help raise funds for Sindi’s hospital bill, in addition to the national outpour of prayer, love and support for her.” ALSO READ | REST IN PEACE DR SINDI Paying their last respects, Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi said although she personally never knew Dr Sindi, it felt as if she knew her. “The way we all feel like we knew Dr Sindi personally, the way it feels like we just lost a close loved one speaks volumes on the kind of person she was,” she said. “Kindness personified! What a lovely human being. What a beautiful life lived. My heart goes out to her family.” Singer Simphiwe Dana said Dr Sindi had a wonderful soul. “I was in a restaurant when I heard the news. I broke down like a little girl. “May the ancestors be with the Caramelos at this trying time. Sindi has done so much for me. “I’m sure I speak for many people. What a beautiful human.” Lawyer Tumi Sole thanked her for sharing her knowledge with us. “Rest in perfect peace Doc @sindivanzyl. Words will never be enough to describe the impact you had and the lives you touched. Thanks for the endless educational threads and fun times, too. Condolences to the family and friends.” While Christo Thurston said he’s saddened by her passing. “Today, we’e saddened to learn that Dr Sindi passed away. She was one of the most beautiful souls on Twitter and her life’s mission was to mend lives. May her amazing soul rest in peace.” Musician Lady Zamar said she’s heartbroken. “Dr Sindi was like a Twitter mum to so many. I never got to know her personally, but her life had an impact on mine. She was a blessing to everyone who interacted with her in real life and social media. Her life was precious. She’ll be missed.”