ACTOR Mpho Sibeko has scored himself a new role. He has joined SABC3’s brand-new telenovela, The Estate as Dumi Mokabane. Speaking to Daily Sun, the talented actor who has appeared in several productions such as Gold Diggers and iNumber Number, said he was excited that this time around, he was not typecast. “I was really excited about this role because throughout my career, I’ve been cast for young characters such as schoolboys. Now that I am playing a much mature role, I hope I can shake off being typecast and get out of that light of always playing young characters,” he said. He said he enjoyed stepping into Dumi’s character. “I have always wanted to play the role of a lawyer. And because Dumi is a law graduate, this is as far as I have come to playing my dream role. I have enjoyed stepping into his shoes and playing him has been a walk in the park,” he said. ALSO READ | NTHATI’S SKELETONS BACK TO HAUNT HER! Mpho said people are going to love Dumi. “He’s always fighting for the right reasons and he has a good head on his shoulders. What makes playing him even more exciting is that we have a lot in common. We share the same level of maturity, even though I’m slightly older. I’m excited about his journey, growth and where he is headed,” he said. The actor also shared with the People’s Paper that drive and passion assures one longevity in the TV industry. “You can never be sure of how long you will be around in this industry. But I believe you should put an effort in whatever you do and making sure that he passion and the drive that first made you follow this path never dies you will have a long-standing career,” he said. Mpho said he was grateful that after his role on BET drama series Isono came to an end, he was able to quickly land another one. “I’m beyond grateful and unable to describe how fortunate I am. The pandemic has taken a toll on our industry, and some of our greatest actors are sitting at home without jobs. It’s hard because the world still goes on as the bills need to be paid,” he added.