WHAT has Benni McCarthy achieved so far that Mandla Ncikazi hasn’t? McCarthy, for example, has hogged the headlines since he began his transformation work at AmaZulu, being given the sort of attention Jose Mourinho would crave. Ncikazi has done an equally impressive job with Golden Arrows, leading the unfancied coastal side to heights they have barely reached before. He has kept Arrows firmly in the top five, with only two defeats from 22 league matches, just as McCarthy has been matching the lofty ambitions of his demanding employer. But very little has been said about Ncikazi, perhaps owing to his lack of popularity with the football public. He does not have the star coach’s accessories, the flashy cars, the designer labels and of course, history with Bafana Bafana. In fact, his name hardly comes up for discussions whenever coaches are linked with vacant posts, not in the same way the usual suspects are always punted. However, it’s his work that speaks for him. The former African Wanderers midfielder is no “mafikizolo” in local football. He has coached in all the divisions, including the Castle League and in the Safa ABC Motsepe League with African Wanderers, Nathi Lions and Durban Stars, where he assisted Fani Madida. That was before he joined Arrows around 2007, where he won the 2009 MTN8 as Manqoba Mangqithi’s lieutenant. Ncikazi also served as an assistant under Shaun Bartlett, Zoran Filipovic, Ernst Middendorp, Muhsin Ertugral, Mark Harrison, Clinton Larsen and Steve Komphela, and also had a brief stint in the hotseat at Maritzburg United. Like McCarthy, he has been earning his stripes, guiding unheralded teams. It is the way the likes of Pitso Mosimane built their careers at SuperSport United, turning unfancied outfits into formidable sides without the big budgets. For a club whose ambitions are no bigger than a top-eight finish and perhaps a cup final appearance, Ncikazi has practically achieved and delivered on his mandate already, barring any catastrophe in the last eight league matches. Who knows? A top-three finish is a possibility and not a dream. But significantly, Ncikazi has brought back the swagger with a brand of football that has always set Abafana Be’sthende apart. Those who don’t only obsess about results will tell you that Arrows can’t be matched by any PSL team on their day. And those who have worked with the 52-year-old Ncikazi will tell you that he devotes a lot of time to the details, and is tactically sound. He has certainly asserted his credentials as one of the brightest minds in local football. on Twitter via @Kgomotsso