HOME Affairs Minister Dr Aaron Motsoaledi said people who migrate to Mzansi will not be subjected to life in refugee camps and all its ramifications. Motsoaledi briefed the media yesterday on the efforts to resolve protests by asylum seekers and refugees who’re currently accommodated in Paint City and Wingfield temporary sites in Cape Town. He said homeless people in Cape Town and foreigners who were moved from the streets to temporary shelters during lockdown were not moved under the Refugee or Immigration Act, but under the Disaster Management Act. “Some immigrants falling in different categories of asylum seeker and refugee have earned the refugee status and are under international protection,” he said. The minister also confirmed the decision to deport 41 foreigners who wanted to be taken to Canada. “A further 121 foreign nationals decided to take up an offer to be flown back to their home countries by the UN,” said Motsoaledi. He said the ringleaders of the protest were among those deported as they didn’t qualify for refugee status in the country. “Several others agreed to return to various communities in South Africa with the UN paying for three months’ rental and food.” The group of foreigners decided to leave their communities, saying they feared xenophobic attacks and demanded to be resettled in different countries. Their main preference was Canada and they occupied the Central Methodist Church in the Cape Town CBD in protest. Another splinter group decided to leave the church and set up camp in Greenmarket Square, leading to a court battle with the city. “From the group, the 583 who applied for asylum seeker status were rejected and appealed to the refugee appeals authority in terms of the law,” said the minister. Motsoaledi said others were still in the appeals process. “Forty-one people were presented to the magistrate and they agreed that they be deported accordingly, hence they were detained at the Lindela Repatriation Centre and the process of deportation started.”