BANYANA Banyana made it two wins out of two when they defeated Botswana 2-0 in an international friendly match at the Wits University Stadium in Johannesburg on Tuesday afternoon. Banyana defeated Zambia and Botswana in the space of three days to complete a perfect record in their international friendly matches. On Saturday, they defeated Zambia 3-1 at Bidvest Stadium before a 2-0 win on Tuesday against Botswana at the same venue. The Tuesday match had a special meaning to it as Botswana qualified for the Olympic games at Banyana'sBanyana's expense. In the second half, Thembi Kgatlana and Gabriela Salgado's goals saw Banyana getting an act of sweet revenge over the Zebras, who defeated them in 2019 in an Olympic qualifier match. Banyana are using these friendlies games as part of their preparations for the Cosafa Championships and Africa Women'sWomen's Cup of Nations qualifiers scheduled to take place later this year. Banyana are under immense pressure to qualify for the Africa Women'sWomen's Cup of Nations after failing to qualify for the 2020 Olympic Games held in Japan. Coach Desiree Ellis made four changes to the squad that faces Zambia. Goalkeeper Kaylin Swart started with Tiisetso Makhubela, Koketso Tlailane, Noxolo Cesane in place of captain Andile Dlamini, Bongeka Gamede, Sibulele Holweni, and Kgaelebane Mohlakoana. Mamello Makhabane was the captain of the day, and she led by example in the midfield. In the first half, there was nothing much to write home about.However, in the second half, the hosts had to stamp authority with Kgatlana netting the first goal in the 51st minute – she was denied by the evergreen Botswana goalkeeper, Sedilame Bosija, from a certain goal a minute earlier. It was Kgatlana'sKgatlana's second in three days as she was also on the scoresheet when Banyana thumped Zambia 3-1 on Saturday. Five minutes later, Gabriela Salgado found herself in the box and beat one defender before sliding the ball past the goalkeeper from a very tight angle to make it 2-0. Banyana could have scored more, but they were not clinical enough as the game ended with the 2-0 score-line.