LAWYERS representing former president Jacob Zuma have dropped him as a client. In a letter sent to the High Court in Pietermaritzburg his legal representative, Eric Mabuza, said they would no longer be representing Zuma. "Be pleased to take note that the Mabuza attorneys hereby withdraw as attorneys on record for accused No 1," he said in a terse letter. This happened three weeks before the start of his fraud, money laundering, and corruption trial on 17 May. Zuma is on trial for allegedly receiving an annual bribe of R500 000 from French arms dealer Thales for political protection from an investigation into the controversial arms deal in the 1990s. The alleged bribe was facilitated by his former financial adviser, Schabir Shaik. Mabuza did not give reasons for their decision to withdraw their services. The withdrawal happens a week after the Supreme Court of Appeal dealt Zuma a blow last week when it ruled that he must pay from his pocket for his corruption trial legal costs and ordered him to pay back R25m already incurred during the legal proceedings. "Kindly take notice further that the last known address of accused No 1  is Kwadakwadunuse homestead, KwaNxamalala, Nkandla, King Cetshwayo District, KwaZulu-Natal," read the letter from Zuma's former lawyer. The National Prosecuting Authorities said it was ready to go with the case as planned. "The NPA acknowledges receipt of correspondence from Mabuza Attorneys whose content can be confirmed with them. Suffice to say, the state remains ready to proceed with the trial from 17 May 20121," said NPA spokesman Sipho Ngwema. Zuma is awaiting a sentence from the Constitutional Court for contempt of court. The court ordered the former president to comply with the Zondo Commission summons in January. Justice Chris Jafta said: "Mr Zuma is obliged to comply with all lawfully issued summonses and directives of the Commission and to appear and give evidence before the Commission on dates determined by it; Mr Zuma does not have a right to remain silent in the proceedings before the Commission; and, Mr Zuma is entitled to all privileges under section 3(4) of the Commissions Act, including the privilege against self-incrimination." On 1 February Zuma issued a statement accusing the court's decision to order him to appear before Zondo of "effectively stripped me of my constitutional right as a citizen". Zuma disobeyed the order. The commission brought an urgent application for an order after Zuma failed to comply with the order handed down by the same court on 28 January 2021, directing him to appear before the commission. The commission lawyer, Tembeka Ngcukaitobi submitted that Zuma must go to the Zondo Commission in orange overalls. He said there was no fitting punishment for the former president's decision to disobey the court order that instructed him to appear before the commission than direct imprisonment. 