 PEOPLE stare in amazement and disbelief everywhere Themba Michael Qhina goes. Some ask to take pictures with him, while others have asked to feature him on their entertainment projects. This because the madala looks like former president Nelson Mandela. And more than that, there’s possibility that the two are related. Themba said he even got attention from little kids who sang for him while he danced. “Even nurses at the hospital take turns to visit me. They were amazed that I look like someone who was admired by people around the world.” The 67-year-old from Maboloka in North West said even though he enjoyed the attention, there was something he needed to accomplish – he needed help to find where his father was born. “My father died in 1994 in Welkom, but did not share enough information about where he came from. He only said he came from a small house in the Eastern Cape (Transkei). “The only memory I have of the place is when he accompanied me to the mountain to claim my manhood in 1969. I don’t have a recollection of the surrounding areas,” he said. Themba said they moved to Welkom, Vanderbijlpark and many other places until they settled in Maboloka, where he spent most of his life. His father’s name was John Mbhuti Qhina, born in 1918. He appealed to anyone who might know the Qhina family, who used to or still lived in the former Transkei to connect him with them. “Things have been bad for me. I’m confident they will get better if I know where my father comes from and reconnect with my ancestors. “I’ll be happy if it is established I am related to the Mandelas. I won’t ask them for anything. I just want to know where I belong,” he said. His sister Cecilia Mokwena (58) said she also wanted closure. “I know that my father had nine children, including me. I also know he was originally from the former Transkei,” she said. Neighbour Thoko Tlhoale said Themba has been struggling to find where his father comes from. “We planned to go to the police station for help because he is longing to find his father’s birthplace. Themba’s nephew, Khumo Mokwena, said he would be happy if his uncle found his origins.