FINALLY, Caledonian Stadium will be rebuilt. Tshwane Mayor Randall Williams officiated the sod- turning ceremony for the refurbishment of Caledonian Stadium in Arcadia, Tshwane, on Thursday. According to the mayor, the renovation will include a new soccer museum, renewal of a multipurpose hall which will feature a display of Tshwane football legends, and a new main field. He said it’s a great honour to be part of this change. “The most difficult road is to realise the dream of restoring and upgrading the stadium to its original state and build a much bigger stadium that can accommodate more fans,” he said. He said in 2014 a poor decision was taken by the past administration to demolish the stadium and turn it into a park. “This is a historic home for Arcadia Shepherds FC for more than 100 years. We took the decision to save this stadium. We decided to upgrade the stadium. “This project shows that the city cares about positive developments and heritage restoration. New exciting developments are coming as it will be transformed to PSL standards.” He said the new stadium will have a sport retail shop to attract tourists. It will also accommodate netball and basketball sporting codes. “It will boast change. It will have both home and visitors’ change rooms, and it will have first-aid rooms. The stadium will accommodate 15 000 spectators,” he said. Former Bafana Bafana and Arcadia Shepherds player Mark Fish said it was emotional for him and the occasion reminded him of when he was a young boy.  “My talent was nurtured at this stadium. Well done to the city. This is a home of football for Tshwane. We appreciate the project,” he said. Another former Arcadia Shepherds player, Deshi Bhaktawer, said he couldn’t believe it and was disappointed at the state of stadium. “This stadium has produced many great players and I’m willing to be part of development,” he said. Arcadia Shepherds club director, Lucky Manna, said: “We’re happy about the development and see a bright future for the team.” City of Tshwane acting chief of staff, Jordan Griffiths, said the construction period will be for 36 months, with completion approximately in April 2024. “The estimate for both the construction cost and professional fees amounts to R120 million spread out over a three-year period,” he said. The stadium was used by house nyaope boys during lockdown last year.