WHEN Lucas Phasha (52) was accused of killing his four children after his relationship with their mother Sylvia Monyela (31) went sour, he bluntly denied it. He claimed he had two enemies who he believed could have murdered his children and framed him so he could be arrested for life. Phasha told the Limpopo High Court in Polokwane on Thursday, 29 April, that the were factions at the Phasha Royal House over the chieftaincy. He said he believed his cousin, who led the other faction, was behind the murder of his four children. He claimed in 2017 one of the tenants, who are renting his shop, threatened to kill him after they told him they had bought the shop from his father. Phasha further accused the police of failing to protect his four children on the night they were killed (17 February 2021) after he had called them several times as he was apparently unable to reach his wife Sylvia. “Even my wife knows I have enemies who don’t want to see me in our community but see me going to jail. “I had left them alone as their mum had told me she will be arriving home late at home. My plan on that day was to go to Polokwane. I passed by a prophet in Atok and as it was late, I cancelled my trip to Polokwane and decided to visit my girlfriend in Lebowakgomo.” Phasha also maintained he never called his neighbour Alfred Madutlela and told him he had killed his children and dumped them in a nearby stream. “I never called Madutlela and I suspect that one of my enemies alerted him of this heinous crime and where their bodies were dumped. I’m disputing allegations labelled against me. Whatever they said here, it’s not the truth. I’m not guilty.” He said. Phasha also disputed he had fetched his kids from scholar transport driver, Success, who at the beginning of the trial told the court the father had bought food and a cold drink for the children. Phasha denied that, claiming he had actually asked the driver to drop his children off at home as he was rushing to Polokwane. Phasha allegedly killed his four children Katlego (9), Joyce (7), Tshepo (5) and Adel (3) last year in February at Seokodibeng village, Ga-Phasha outside Burgersfort.