HOPE Givers Foundation founder Tsakani Mkhari has mentioned gender-based violence as a thorn to both rural and urban areas across the whole country. And to overcome that, the foundation launched it’s 1st annual GBV Tribute Concert and Raising Legends Awards, which will take place on 1 May at Sun Meropa. The launch took place at the Sun Meropa Casino outside Polokwane in Limpopo on Thursday, 31 March. Tsakani told Daily Sun that gender-based violence has always been among the ills South Africa has fought against. “The purpose of this initiative is to create a brotherhood and safe space for young boys and men between the ages of 11 and 35 to have conversations of hope through different programmes of education and mentorship,” said Tsakani. She said the Raising Legends initiative seeks to highlight the positive contribution by boys and young men in our communities and encourage others to follow suit. “The concert will see citizens, churches, business, government and civil society come together in one voice remembering those who have lost their lives due to abuse, crime, drug abuse, suicide and mental health issues,” she said. She said this great initiative was endorsed and recognised by Brand South Africa in 2019 as the best initiative that positively advocates for a boy child. “We want to create awareness on the importance of grooming, supporting and embracing a boy child to help reduce criminal activities. We need to reduce the crime in our communities, schools and workplaces by building emotionally and intellectually well-rounded youth to become active members, future and responsible leaders of society,” she said. Tsakani said it was unfortunate that with the Covid-19 pandemic that has claimed and continues to claim lives, jobs and businesses, cases of abuse were sky-rocketing. As a result, gender-based violence was declared as a second pandemic by President Cyril Ramaphosa. She said gender-based survivors should not be discriminated but rather be supported and be welcomed within the society. “These are the people we need to support because failure to do so will see some taking away their lives,” she said. She said the foundation had been at the forefront of fighting this monster with its various initiatives since it’s inception in 2014. “We strongly believe that to address the issue effectively, we first need to develop and empower a boy child and by doing so we will actively balance the gender scale,” she said. Tsakani said it goes without saying that only women and girls had been getting attention and consideration as they are seen as more vulnerable to abuse, attacks and being less privileged. “Our view is that a boy and girl child should co-exist and receive similar attention and support,” she said. She said there was a social phenomenon where the boy child was neglected and not embraced. “Boys are the unsung heroes and they also face challenges like mental harassment, abuse and rape,” she said. “Girls have all the social rights but boys have little to no voice even their own parents sometimes seldom believe in them,” she said. She said when we save a boy child by defending and fighting for his rights, we would then be saving the whole generation. “It is crucial to have as many initiatives as possible that mentors and embrace boys and young men,” she said. Representing sponsors, Limpopo National Lottery Commission manager Matsobane Legodi said: “We need to assess the demon that is hunting our youth across the country from doing good.” Boxing legend Dingaan Thobela said he was happy the initiative was positively growing and giving hope to the country. “It is important that we give out full support to such initiatives because these serves as pillars to building a better society,” he said.