After being in the firing line for allegedly calling TV presenter and comedian Lesego “Coconut Kelz” Thlabi fatty boom boom, designer Quiteria Kekana has released a new fashion line called I am sorry. Although it might sound as if he is apologising for the incident, the talented designer told Daily Sun that is not the case. “The words she says I used are not even in my vocabulary,” Quiteria said. “This entire thing has been devastating for me. I have received threats from her followers and fans, wanting me on the chopping block.” Instead of entertaining the negativity Quiteria, who has attempted to take his own life six times when things had hit rock bottom, said he quickly went back into the studio to use the frustration, grief and anger to create a 30-garment line. ALSO READ | 'AKA IS INCONSOLABLE' “No one has ever come forward to find out exactly what happened on the day I was labelled ‘fat-phobic’ and many other incidents in the past, and I refuse to explain myself. “Instead, I do what I do best and that is to make exquisite garments for all kinds of women,” he said. “They can lie about me, as much as they please, but my gift of creation will keep getting better with each insult,” he said. Quiteria has released the 30-piece garment using Mzansi celebrity icons, Katlego Danke, Simphiwe Ngema, Zonke Mchunu, Didie Makobane, Lala Tuku, Eva Modika, Mavis Nong, Andi Ngcobo, and Bahle Nkonyane. The collection is accompanied by soundtrack by indigenous singers Khokho Madlala and Phila Dlozi featuring rappers Nature Boy and Ami Black. “The soundtrack is to accompany the entire theme of the collection,” Quiteria said. ALSO READ |  UZALO BACK ON TOP! “The lyrics are in English and Zulu and address the negative headlines and backlash I have been getting since I decided to go on my own as Quiteria Atelier in 2014 after parting ways with business partner George Maleho.” He said the collection means a lot to him as a designer. “Working with these women has been an absolute creative roller-coaster. Aside from the creativity, many challenges go into making such an iconic collection. They were a breeze to work with,” he said.