WELTEVREDEN Valley Clinic in Samora Machel, Cape Town, has been closed after the robbery that took place on 31 March. The city’s mayoral committee member for community services and health, Councillor Zahid Badroodien, said the staff was traumatised after being robbed of their valuables. “Staff fear for their safety and a meeting was held with all role players including the health committee, police, ward councillor, union and staff,” said Badroodien. The clinic was closed and they were in discussions with how to continue providing ARVs. “The community was informed. We further request that all clients attend the Colorado decanting site until a sustained safety plan is in place. The community will be kept informed of the progress.” He said they apologised for the inconvenience. Resident Nolwandle Ngozi said if the community continued sitting back and doing nothing, they would suffer. “We’re already suffering because going to Colorado hall is not easy. We’re exposed to the same criminals who robbed the clinic,” said Ngozi. She said sometimes they were sent away when they arrived. “They take a certain number because there are people who’ve been turned away,” said Ngozi. The SunTeam visited the Colorado hall, where some patients were turned away and told to come back the following day. Another resident had gone there for his medication. “Criminals are messing with our lives. Some people are afraid to collect their medication this side, and those who’re sick are also suffering,” said the resident. Captain FC van Wyk said an incident of pointing a firearm was reported at Samora Machel. “It’s alleged that a driver who transports nurses to and from the clinic was waiting for the staff in the parking area when two unknown suspects approached him and pointed a firearm at him,” said Van Wyk. He said the driver tried to move, but a nurse who was already inside went out of the car and was robbed of her phones. “There was no robbery inside the building. Only one person was robbed. A case of armed robbery is being investigated,” he said. Anyone with information can contact CrimeStop at 08600 10111.