RECENT and unfortunate events have brought suicide and mental health into the spotlight and onto the lips of many people. The alleged suicide of a victim of bullying has left many in tears after seeing the videos showing how she was assaulted by a fellow pupil. Lufuno Mavhunga appeared calm and did not fight back against her bully, who was being cheered on by other pupils as she assaulted the helpless girl. Rapper AKA’s fiancee Anele “Nelli” Tembe died tragically after falling from a high-rise hotel building in Cape Town. During her funeral, Nelli’s father Moses Tembe refuted claims that his daughter committed suicide and said she was not suicidal. Mental illness also led to the death of gogo Jostina Sangweni, who mistakenly went to the wrong house. The mistake was a grave one, as she was brutally killed. She was set alight and later succumbed to her injuries and died in hospital. Her family came out and clarified that gogo Jostina was not mentally well and she had a psychiatric condition, schizophrenia. According to Mayo Clinic, schizophrenia is a serious mental disorder in which people interpret reality abnormally. Schizophrenia may result in some combination of hallucinations, delusions, and extremely disordered thinking and behaviour that impairs daily functioning, and can be disabling. Jostina was laid to rest over the weekend. Psychologist Kgomotso Mosokoane said some people may appear happy in public but in reality they are suffering internally. She said in the case of AKA’s fiancee a lot of people, especially on social media, refused to believe that she may have taken her own life. “Some people didn’t want to believe that it was suicide, asking how she can commit suicide when she had everything and was engaged to a celebrity." Masokoane said that is because people have a certain picture of depression and suicide. “They think if you are suicidal you must look depressed, not happy and miserable. They have a stereotype and a picture of what depression and mental illness look like.” She said it is only when someone exhibits psychotic symptoms that many realise someone has mental illness. “Some can go undiagnosed.” Masokoane said people must be educated that mental issues are not always the way you see them on TV. Lufuno’s brother said after she came back from school, her family comforted her. Masokoane believes when she was comforted, the damage caused by the bullying was already done. Masokoane said there should be more awareness on issues relating to mental health. “Now we are living in a digital world. It would be nice if it were to be brought more in the spotlight. “There must be more shows about the realities of mental illness. There must be educational awareness campaigns the same way there are with Covid-19. Now and again there should be messages about issues of mental health.” Mosokoane said friends and family members of people who are not mentally well need to be taught how to be supportive towards their loved one. One of the reasons people don’t tell others is because of what people say. When someone says they are depressed, they tell them there is nothing. What to look out for: A change in behaviour. Where someone was sad yesterday and the next day they are extremely happy. Their mood may change to an extreme because they have made a decision. They start giving items away, like they are starting to say goodbye. Be observant, keep track of what they are up to because they tend to say strange things.