Mamelodi Sundowns will face off with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) in the Nedbank Cup semi-final match at the Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3:00 pm CAT. Masandawana's hopes of successfully defending this tournament are on track after thumping Orlando Pirates 4-1 in an enthralling quarter-final match in Tshwane on Thursday. The Tshwane giants started their title defence with a 3-2 win over Stellenbosch FC after extra-time on February 3, before hammering GladAfrica Championship side Polokwane City 4-0 on March 10. Manoqba Mngqithi, the Sundowns head coach, urged TTM to at least try to give it their all against his well-oiled Masandawana side which is undefeated in the DStv Premiership this season. “If I were them I would take the game to Sundowns because we have nothing to lose and I think their coaches are aware that when they are playing Sundowns they have to give it their best shot," Mngqithi said. "The best advice I can give to any team at this stage is, why sit back? I would decide to go toe-to-toe with Sundowns and maybe there is something one can get from that because when sitting back. "You concede goals without playing and it does not help the image of the club. It is a cup match for that matter, they know they’ve got nothing to lose." Meanwhile, Tshakhuma booked their place in the semi-finals after securing a 2-0 win over Black Leopards in a quarter-final match in Thohoyandou on April 14. Prior to that, Vhadau Vha Damani had stunned SuperSport United 1-0 on February 4, before defeating Swallows FC 4-3 on penalties following a 2-2 draw on February 26. Mpho Maleka, the Tshakhuma co-coach, hopes Tokelo Rantie brings his A-game against his former side, Sundowns after the 30-year-old striker grabbed an assist in TTM's 2-0 win over TS Galaxy on April 10. “We always applaud our fitness trainer [Matthews Meso] as he has been pushing him. Even Rantie, he wanted to do more, and for us to give him a run at the start of a match," Maleka said. "It was based on a game plan. He gave his best and we appreciate his efforts, and we hope he continues and puts more effort in the coming matches. For him to create a goal, I also believe that will encourage him to do more.” -SuperSport