EVERY woman romanticises about the man of her dreams. She keeps waiting for that right guy who’ll sweep her off her feet and walk into the sunset with her. It is the ideal man. But more often, women wander into the wilderness searching for a man who doesn’t exist, a relationship expert once remarked. Their preference for Mr Right changes with each disappointment they suffer. I couldn’t help but think of Safa when I recalled the expert’s remarks. Does Safa know what they are looking for in a Bafana Bafana coach? Does such a coach even exist? A year (since the Covid-19 pandemic) after they appointed Molefi Ntseki, Safa are again searching for a new Bafana mentor. We’ve been here before... many times. But what could be different this time? As they sift through more than 200 CVs of applicants, the Safa technical committee must probably be feeling they’re looking for a needle in a haystack. Names of some internationally renowned coaches have been mentioned, leaving many observers with the impression that the job was attractive. Yes, they could be knowing what they are looking for, but the reality is that the candidate doesn’t exist. The myriad of problems bedevilling the football association and the challenges of leading the senior national team makes it impossible for the association to find the person they are looking for. None of the applicants truly believe they can take Bafana to the knockout stages of the 2022 World Cup. At best, they could be looking at the 2026 finals, that, however, is if they’d be around long enough in the hot seat, given the FA’s penchant for pulling the trigger. It’s the trigger-pulling tendency that has left many to wonder where Bafana would be, were one Pitso Mosimane not being fired in the middle of the night some nine years ago. The financial constraints led to the decision to appoint Ntseki, who was sacked after failing to qualify Bafana for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations... even before he could submit his report. Who knows, they could be looking to bring him back five years from now? But until Safa addresses the fundamental challenges of football development in the country, we will continue to envy young stars such as IIaix Moriba. For as long we don’t have our own Sadio Manes, Kelechi Ineahachos, Mo Salahs, Kalidou Koulibalys and Hakim Ziyechs, South Africa will continue to lag behind the nations we expect to beat to the Afcon title. But as for the coach, the perfect Bafana man is only a figment of Safa’s imagination.