Embattled ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule has written to
the party's provincial secretaries to ask them to compile lists of ANC members
who are not only criminally charged, but allegedly "implicated in corrupt
practices". Provincial leaders have until the close of business on
Thursday to submit their lists to Magashule's office, according to a letter
which News24 has seen. This comes as the deadline looms for those who are
criminally charged to step aside. "Provinces are requested to submit, by Thursday, 15
April 2021 at 17:00, the names of those members who have been charged with
corruption or other serious crimes and those who are aligned, reported or
implicated in corrupt practices. Provinces must provide details of whether
affected comrades have been informed personally, in writing," the
secretary-general's office said in the letter. It appears that the letter broadens the scope of those who
are affected by the ANC's step-aside decision from those who have been
criminally charged to all ANC leaders tainted by corruption. "The NEC (national executive committee) meeting on
26-28 March 2021, reaffirmed the resolutions of the 54th national conference,
fighting crime and corruption and on credibility and integrity, as well as
decisions of NEC meetings on 28-30 August and 6-9 December 2020 on the
implementation of these resolutions," the letter read. Last month, President Cyril Ramaphosa announced that the NEC
had given those who are charged with corruption 30 days to step aside from
their positions or face suspension. The decision applies to Magashule himself. He is out on R200
000 bail and is facing fraud and corruption charges. At the time, Ramaphosa said: "Provincial chairpersons
and secretaries would meet with the national officials during that time to
further refine the guidelines to ensure the resolution can be effectively and
practically implemented." But whether the guidelines the NEC adopted were refined by
the provinces remains to be seen. It is also unclear whether party leaders, including
Magashule, will comply by stepping aside from their positions by the end of the
month. SOURCE: NEWS24 