A COURT interpreter (40) who was arrested for alleged corruption has been granted R6 000 bail in the Bushbuckridge Magistrates Court on Thursday, 22 April. He was arrested by the Hawks Serious Corruption Investigation team on Friday, 16 April, at his work in the Mkhuhlu Magistrates Court. His lawyer Bheki Siluvane argued his client has no pending case or previous convictions, and that he’s a responsible father who’s employed by the justice department. On Monday, Siluvane told court he learnt of his client’s arrest in the news. Addressing the court, state prosecutor Advocate Tebogo Kelaotswe said the state doesn’t oppose bail. “Accused is facing three counts of corruption which fall under schedule 1. The state doesn’t oppose his bail, based on conditions attached,” said Kelaotswe. Mpumalanga Hawks spokeswoman Captain Dineo Sekgotodi said: “It is alleged that between January and March, the suspect approached an accused who was released on bail for two domestic violence-related cases where he had allegedly violated a protection order. The official then demanded money claiming that he will ensure the cases were withdrawn. The victim paid the money as demanded, but the case was not withdrawn. “It’s further alleged the interpreter continued soliciting money from the victim on different occasions stating that he needed to pay for the prosecutor’s personal needs in order for the case docket to be destroyed permanently. The victim kept on acceding to the demands but to his surprise, the case kept being postponed.” She said the victim alerted the Hawks and an investigation led to the interpreter’s arrest after a warrant was granted. “On Friday morning 16 April, before the official was arrested, a second victim came to court to report that the same official demanded money from her to have her case withdrawn. This never happened despite the payment,” said Sekgotodi. She said the Hawks is appealing to anyone with information to contact the investigating officer, Captain Luzile Ndlovu on 071 4812 819. Magistrate Charles Mokgotho said: “The accused is granted R6 000 bail and this matter is transferred to Nelspruit Commercial Crime Court on 6 August. But with conditions attached that he must not interfere or pose any threats to the public or the witnesses in the matter, and be confined to a specific address. If he skips the conditions, a warrant of arrest might be issued against him and the bail can be withdrawn and forfeited.”