ONE of the strangest experiences I had during my journalistic career is of Orlando Pirates captain Andy Karacinski’s stolen car saga. Karacinski arrived in Mzansi from Wales in 1976 and after playing in the SA Federation League, he ended up at Pirates and became the first mlungu to captain the Buccaneers and went on to earn legendary status with the Soweto giants. I’ll never forget an incident that happened outside the old Orlando Stadium. It was a sunny Saturday afternoon in 1981 when Karacinski was king of Pirates… so much so that the bearded, long haired skipper was nicknamed “Jesus” by the fans. He was an outstanding player and leader. He could operate in defence or in a midfield role. Back in 1981 I was still earning my journalistic spurs. And in those long bygone days most players and reporters had a good relationship and respected for one another. On that particular day, I was walking with Andy to the car park just outside the Orlando Stadium to our respective cars after a game. I found my car while Andy looked at me, scratched this long hair and said: “Shxx, where’s my car? It’s gone!” Thugs had stolen the Bucs skipper’s car while he was helping the club win another trophy. And to rub salt into the wound, it was stolen outside Bucs’ famous home – Orlando Stadium. Well, being the helpful budding sports journalist I was, I offered Andy a lift to wherever he needed to go. Andy asked to be taken to a hotel in Joubert Park. He then phoned (there were no cellphones in 1981) a friend to pick him up at the hotel. So notebook in hand, Andy and myself headed to the bar to wait for his lift to arrive. I sensed a big story and was only too happy to spend an hour or two commiserating with the Bucs skipper over his stolen car. I was able to get one of the biggest scoops of my young career drinking beers with the Pirates captain. Andy was not too happy with the thieves that took his car, but he was philosophical and after a good amount of the soothing brown liquid, and a couple of hours in the pub, we left better friends than before. Andy got a new car… and I got a great contact, a new best friend and a fantastic scoop that ended up on page one. All in a day’s work!