THE ANC is still recovering from the destruction caused by former president Jacob Zuma and his friends, the Guptas. This was according to the governing party’s national chairman and former secretary-general, Gwede Mantashe. He was giving parliamentary oversight-related evidence at the Zondo Commission yesterday. He said the ANC’s been undergoing a period of instability since 2013. “A substantial part of that instability can be attributed to the allegations of involvement of the Gupta family in ANC politics, in particular, the perceived hold the family had over the former president,” said Mantashe. He said early indications of this hold started to surface after the Gupta plane landed at Waterkloof Air Force Base in Pretoria in 2013. He said many cabinet members felt leaderless. “However, no ANC member was told to stop thinking or not to execute their responsibility in parliament.” Mantashe told the commission that around 2010, the Gupta family approached the ANC with a proposal to establish a newspaper and TV news channel. He said at the time, the ANC had an interest in the diversification of the media in the country. “On this basis, the proposal was entertained. And once established, they gave much-needed coverage to programmes of the ANC.” Mantashe said at the time, his party had no knowledge of the Gupta’s other business interests until much later. “So, what we know today, we didn’t know then.” On allegations of cadre deployment, Mantashe told the commission the ANC has a deployment policy. He said reducing the deployment policy to cadre deployment was problematic as it meant the ANC deployed cadres and overlooked competency. “Deployment of cadres should not be reduced to just taking an individual and putting them there. There’s a lot of emphasis on the development of capacity and capabilities of individuals.” Mantashe said the ANC deployment committee, which consisted of 15 people, recommended people but didn’t employ them. He said the party prepared its own cadres so they could handle bigger responsibilities wherever they were sent.