I FORGIVE him! These were the words of Ndebele activist Thando Mahlangu during his testimony at the CRL Rights Commission on Wednesday, 31 March. He shed light on an incident at Boulders Shopping Centre in Midrand, where he was kicked out for wearing traditional Ndebele attire. The incident was captured on video, which went viral last week. Asked whether he’d forgive centre manager, Jose Maponyane, Thando said: “I would not have forgiven him if he apologised to me last week because he humiliated me. “I’m not happy with the fact that they’ve suspended him. “I saw a statement that the company will have a training course on traditions.” Thando said Jose needed to be part of the training. WATCH: MAPONAPONA MEETING! “I wish he’s immediately reinstated so he joins the training,” he said. Sharing events of the day, Thando said he and his business partner, Nqobile Masuku, had gone to Clicks to buy a few items. Thando, who runs an art painting store in KwaNdebele, Mpumalanga, said they noticed a security guard following them around the shop. When they asked the guard where they could find toilet paper, he told them he didn’t work at the store but had been instructed by the centre manager to keep an eye on them. Thando said they asked the guard to call the centre manager. “The centre manager said I was wearing underwear and abusing other customers,” said Thando. “At first I thought he was joking, but then I realised he was serious when he called other guards.  “I was so angry, I wanted to hit him with the knobkerrie I was holding. He said I was naked.” Nqobile told Daily Sun she quickly reached for her cellphone during the confrontation. “The centre manager aggressively looked at me and told me to feel free to take pictures and videos,” said Nqobile. “I did but I was scared and confused by his behaviour. We were treated like criminals.” Thando told the commission he wore his traditional attire every day and the incident wasn’t an isolated case. He said he was previously intimidated by other people and was once denied access on a train. Thando further urged the commission to promote cultures and for the education system to include all official languages in the curriculum. Jose and centre management were expected to appear before the commission but asked for an extension.