FORMER Prasa CEO Lucky Montana has defended the R72 million payment to a company linked to former president Jacob Zuma’s “keeper” Roy Moodley in 2012. This comes after Prodigy Business Services provided training to Prasa workers. Montana told the Zondo Commission yesterday Prasa got value for its money from the training given. “There were a lot of ups and down with the programme, but it was one of the best we had. There was value for money,” he said. In June 2010, Prasa received a proposal to train their ticket examiners on customer care. Montana said the initial agreement was for 300 workers and Prodigy charged R6 000 per worker. He said Prasa in 2012 widened the training across the country and ended up training 3 000 workers at R24 000 a person. He said the second programme was more detailed and included entry-level managers, which led to a price increase. “It was no longer the same programme as the basic one which targeted access control teams at our stations. “Some of it was highly advanced training. It was a much more sophisticated and detailed programme.” Montana told commission chairman, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, that whatever he heard or read about him were part of a campaign to discredit him. He said the main driver of the campaign was former Prasa chairman, Popo Molefe. He said the problem started because people thought there were Guptas at Prasa, but when they realised there were no Guptas they had to find something else. “They thought Zuma and the Guptas were involved in the rolling stock programme at Prasa. The reality is that there was no Zuma and there was no Gupta lurking at Prasa. They thought we were captured,” said Montana. He said he was not friends with the Guptas. “Where I used to stay, I was in the same street with Duduzane (Zuma’s son) and the Guptas were in the corner, but I’ve never been to their house and they’ve never been to my house. I never asked for favours from them,” he said. According to the book The President’s Keepers by investigative journalist Jacques Pauw, Moodley paid Zuma a salary of R1 million a month for four months in 2009. Montana admitted there were maybe some irregularities under his leadership but they were small. “I don’t have a problem if somebody picks them up. I was one of the most investigated people, be it by law enforcement or Prasa investigators, but they can never accuse me of being guilty of improper conduct or corruption. It cannot be,” he said. “I fought with a lot of ministers because when I believe something is wrong I’m not afraid to say it’s wrong.”