CAPE Town City’s versatile speedster Craig Martin has quickly become one of the most important players for the club since his arrival. Martin, who was plucked from the obscurity of the third tier of Mzansi football back in 2017, has proven to be a good find. The 27-year-old was discovered by then coach Benni McCarthy in the amateur leagues in the Mother City. He has since featured 99 times in all competitions for the Citizens, scoring 10 goals and providing eight assists. He is looking forward to making his 100th appearance for the club when they host SuperSport United in their DStv Premiership showdown at Cape Town Stadium tomorrow (3pm). “It felt good to join this club having been in the amateur ranks. I did not know what it felt like to play for a PSL team but It was an opportunity I had to grab with both hands. I’m now approaching my 100th appearance and I can’t say thanks enough for the opportunity given to me,” said Martin. “I take inspiration from some of the other guys to have reached the 100 mark in appearances. They know what this feels like and what one needs to do to reach this stage. They encourage me every day in training to keep working hard. You can see the quality that they have.” This season, the versatile Martin has played as a wing-back or a right-back but that has not severely impacted his productivity. He has still managed to score two goals and provide as many assists in his 19 appearances so far. His sterling performances have seen the Citizens reward him with a new three-year deal to take him to 2024. Martin was also recognised by former Bafana Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki who included him in his squad for the crunch Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Ghana and Sudan a few weeks ago. Although he did not feature, the experience was one Martin and his family will not forget in a hurry. “Everything has changed ever since I got the opportunity to play for Cape Town City and also got the call up to represent my country,” added Martin. “My family and friends were all over the moon.”