GOGO MAKIE thought she did the right thing when she helped a desperate couple and rented her house to them. But 15 years later, the gogo is living in a shack and she can’t get her house back. “THAT WOMAN HAS MADE MY LIFE A LIVING HELL. IF I DIE, I WILL HAUNT HER TO DEATH!” SHE SAID. She told Daily Sun she was approached by the woman’s boyfriend who told her he had a wife and a new born child. “They didn’t have a place to stay, so I gave her my house to rent,” said the gogo. “That was 17 years ago.” ALSO READ:DEAD HUBBY HAUNTS MY SEX LIFE! Gogo Makie Sithebe (68) said she let the family stay in her house in Buhle Park, while she stayed in her bonded house in Thokoza. “I would be getting R400 each month.” But her good heart cost her. “The tenant came and said people were coming to register my house for toilets and he needed the title deed for the registration.” Gogo Makie said she gave them the original document. She said that she didn’t follow up on the title deed and five years later, the wife came and told her that her husband had died two years earlier. “I told her now that her husband was late, I needed my house back.” Gogo said the woman claimed she had sold her the house for R15 000, which she never did. She said that she has tried everything to remove the tenant, but she has refused. “I am old and ready to die but if that happens, I will show her flames from the grave. I will have my revenge,” she said. Gogo said she also lost the bonded house in Thokoza which was paid for by her late husband and now she is homeless. She lives at a squatter camp in a tiny shack. Gogo Makie’s son, Bongani Sithebe (38) said: “This woman is abusing my mum. God will punish her.” The SunTeam went to the house but only the tenant’s daughter was there. She gave the SunTeam her mum’s numbers, but the tenant said she didn’t want to talk about the issue. “Please don’t come to my home again,” she said. City of Ekurhuleni spokesman Zweli Dlamini said gogo Makie should visit their office with all the proof she’s got that the house belongs to her. . 