FORMER Eskom CFO Anoj Singh has defended his decision to pay R600 million to Gupta-linked company, Trillian, for work that was not done. Singh told the Zondo Commission today that the power utility had a corporate plan contract with McKinsey Consulting, which was signed in October 2015. He said McKinsey subcontracted some portion of services to Trillian. He said soon after Eskom, through its executive Prish Govender, received a letter from McKinsey saying it must pay it’s subcontractor, Trillian, directly. “If it is convenient for McKinsey to now state it was Regiments Capital that was doing the work at the time, if you look at the process and that McKinsey distances itself from that letter, we should be asking the question who committed the fraud,” said Singh. Singh said before the letter of agreement was signed, Eskom raised many issues with McKinsey and the letter was subjected to a lot of scrutiny by both McKinsey and Trillian. The consulting firm admitted in October 2017 that it did not follow its own procedures while doing business with the power utility when it worked alongside Trillian. The firm reached a settlement in 2018 to repay almost R1 billion in fees to Eskom. Singh told the commission there was no “ambiguity and confusion” as to who did work for McKinsey and their letter went through contractual rigor. He said the consulting firm was deliberately “obfuscating” issues for their political and reputational reasons. “Taking all of that into account I don’t understand how McKinsey can say this letter was ill-prepared,” he said. Singh said Eskom thought the letter was issued in good faith. “But now McKinsey side stepped this letter,” he said. The commission has heard that Trillian directly billed Eskom R600 million despite the consulting company having no contractual agreement with the power company. There was a confusion as to when the actual contract was signed as it was backdated to January 2015. Singh said the contract was concluded in October, but the parties operated as if a service-level agreement had been in place. “Eskom took comfort in that the suspensive conditions relating to the contract were fulfilled,” said Singh.