IN the face of the ANC’s implosion, the country should demand an interim government that will see the governing party hand over power to a structure that will run Mzansi’s affairs until the next elections. This was the call by UDM leader Bantu Holomisa, who warned the country not to take reported threats by ANC Secretary-General Ace Magashule’s supporters to bring the country to its knees with shutdown protests lightly. Despite ANC Treasurer Paul Mashatile playing down these threats, Holomisa said there were clear signs of a campaign by ANC factions to undermine each other. “We must not underestimate what they are saying. We can’t be held to ransom by the ANC. They have been elected to govern, not to loot. So why must the country suffer because they’re fighting. It’s ANC vs ANC,” he said. “The infighting of the ANC is threatening the country’s stability and its economy.” Holomisa said the country might find itself in deeper crisis if didn’t wake up now as the security forces wouldn’t be able to deal with orchestrated protests planned by Magashule. He said in view of the possible looming crisis, South Africans had the right to call for an interim government which would be guided by the Constitutional Court and accountable to Parliament. Holomisa said for that to happen, President Cyril Ramaphosa would have to resign. Under normal circumstances, elections would have to be called but due to the pandemic, the Independent Electoral Commission wouldn’t be in a position to organise free and fair elections. Holomisa proposed the highest court in the land to guide the country in establishing an interim structure. He said no politician would be allowed to serve in that structure, only civilians. He said the rules and regulations should ensure corruption is rooted out. Holomisa said this structure would introduce terms and conditions of the incoming administration, where no minister with a chequered past would be allowed to serve. He said he was aware the ANC wouldn’t simply hand over power on a silver platter but if the other faction carried out its threats and the crisis escalated, then many would heed his call for an interim government. “I’ve simply introduced a debate and many people are responding to it on social media and radio. We’ve seen the ANC fighting each other before, but this time they are fighting at the top.”