UGANDA captain Denis Onyango has confirmed that he has retired from international football. Onyango, 36, wrote a long letter on his social media account to confirm that he has put the chapter of playing for the Cranes to an end. He made his debut for Uganda as 20 years old, one month and three days on 18 June 2005. He captained Uganda when they appeared in the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals in Egypt for the first time in 38 years. He went on to earn 80 caps for his country. “I sit here with tears rolling down my eyes because after lengthy consideration. I have decided to retire from international football with immediate effect,” said Onyango. “It is a sad day in my life knowing that I will never wear the jersey of my beloved Cranes in front of passionate fans again. I will now become the number one supporter who wears the jersey watching from the stands or home. It is through the Ugandan national team that I have grown from a boy into the man and father that I am now. “For all the success that I have enjoyed in my career, I owe so much of it to the national team. It was because of my national team that I got to play against all the best players from across the continent who play in top leagues all over the world. “I played at the AFCON finals because of the Cranes. The joy of being at the AFCON finals after so many years was sweet. To sing my national anthem was the greatest joy that I will ever have being the ‘proud boy’ from Uganda that I am. “I didn’t want to retire but I felt it is better to leave good memories and allow for the younger goalkeepers to compete for that jersey which I have worn with pride for 16 years. Everyone who has worked with me knows how much I enjoyed playing for the national team. My commitment and hard work were never in question. To everyone that I worked with, especially coach Micho (Milutin Sredojevic), thank you for the patience, understanding and wisdom that you brought to me. “To my friends, management of the Federation of Uganda Football Associations, Nsambya FC and SC Villa, teammates, managers, coaches, I say thank you. My biggest appreciation is to the fans and all the people of Uganda. “I love you all. Football can never be as beautiful as it is without fans. Nothing can ever be better than captaining your national team. It was real. Salute to every Ugandan.” Onyango’s last game for the Cranes was a heartbreaking one. His country lost to Malawi in the Afcon qualifiers last month which they couldn’t qualify for the next year’s event in Cameroon.