SUSPENDED Boulders Shopping Centre manager Jose Maponyane may be a victim of cultural imperialism and imprisoned by the past, following his outburst last month. That is according to CRL Rights Commission’s chairman David Mosoma, speaking on Wednesday, 14 April at a meeting with Redefine Management following the saga around Ndebele artist Thando Mahlangu. Mosoma said: “Don’t you think Maponyane is also a victim, victimised as a result of cultural imperialism which made its way through the value chain, not only of Redefine Property, but throughout? In cultural imperialism, they (victims) are victims, fighting among themselves because they have lost the identity of who they are. “They’ve become prisoners as a result. So when you talk about culture change, how do you define it in the context of people who are there as prisoners? “The action of Maponyane is a representation of a bigger picture. It is a national crisis of people walking as zombies, imprisoned by the past in which they have lost their self-identity. They can reflect that loss of identity to others as well.” Last month, Maponyane was filmed booting Mahlangu out of the centre because of his Ndebele attire, calling it indecent. Mall owners Redefine Properties distanced themselves from Maponyane’s actions and agreed not enough has been done by them as far as culture was concerned. Portfolio manager Howard Kekana said: “The focus has primarily been on the community at large. It is fair to say not as much in terms of culture, but a lot has been done with the community around the areas we operate.” CEO Andrew Konig told the commission upon suspending the manager, they also appointed an independent legal firm to investigate the incident. “The investigation is underway. In his initial statement, he did acknowledge the wrong and his deep regret for what he did. He didn’t go into the specifics of why he did that. He is remorseful and acknowledges it was inappropriate.” Maponyane is expected to testify at the commission on Monday, 19 April. Mosoma said only after Maponyane has been given a chance to speak, will the commission give Redefine recommendations of what to do going forward.