KAIZER Chiefs will face Horoya of Guinea in the last group stage match in Group H in what will be a mouth-watering clash because of what is at stake at the General Lansana Conté Stadium on Saturday (9pm). These two sides find themselves in this position after both won their last matches to set up a crunch final day duel. Chiefs beat second-string side Wydad Athletic Club to maintain their third spot with eight points from five games, levelled with Horoya, who are second because of better goal difference, after beating Petro De Luanda with the same score. Because Caf uses a head-to-head rule, Chiefs, after drawing 0-0 with Horoya at FNB Stadium in February, need a win or a score draw to join Wydad in the knockout stages. Encouraging or not, going to Conakry, is something that is  not new to Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt. He took Bidvest Wits in the Confederation Cup group stages last year January. Wits lost 2-1, to finish bottom of the group with only one point. In addition, Horoya have not lost to teams from Mzansi in their backyard in recent times. They beat Orlando Pirates 2-1 in the group stages in 2019 in the Champions League, drew with Mamelodi Sundowns 2-2 the previous season. Sundowns’ city rivals - SuperSport United - went there in the Caf Confederation Cup in 2017 group stages. Under Eric Tinkler, they came back with a goalless draw. That was enough to see Tshwane giants finish second on ten points, one ahead of third-placed Horoya who collected nine to be eliminated. Congolese giants T.P Mazembe finished first in the group, and they went on to win the competition against the very same SuperSport in the final. Hunt, who will be without the suspended duo of Daniel Akpeyi and Samir Nurkovic as they depart on Thursday, knows what is needed to do from his side. “I went there last year and we will have a similar situation we had against Wydad, very difficult and it is not going to be easy,” said Hunt whose side will have to win for the first time away in group stages. “We should have beaten Horoya after we scored two goals; maybe one was offside and the other was actually not. “I know what to expect and will go there and have a go. What else can we do? That’s all we have to do.”