PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has assured the Zondo Commission that the ANC is prepared not only to support, but to assist it to fulfil its purpose. In his opening statement on Wednesday, 28 April, Ramaphosa said he was not appearing at the commission to make excuses for the ANC or to defend the indefensible. He said his submission and the other submissions made on behalf of the ANC are intended to provide whatever information, context and explanation the commission may require. “The ANC’s 54th national conference was a watershed moment in dealing with state capture,” said Ramaphosa He said the party took resolutions that demanded that any member accused of corruption must account to integrity commission immediately or face disciplinary process. “Those members who are formally charged with corruption must immediately step aside from all ANC leadership positions, legislature, pending finalisation of their matters. Those who refuse must be summarily suspended and subjected to disciplinary processes,” he said. The president said the step aside was a source of huge contestation within ANC, but now there was broad support from the party for its implementation. Ramaphosa acknowledged that some ANC leaders and members were “advertently and inadvertently complicit” in corrupt actions. He said that one of the earliest claims made within ANC structures of the possibility that members of the Gupta family may have had an improper role in the functioning of the Executive was a statement by Minister Fikile Mbalula at an NEC meeting in 2011. He said the to his knowledge, the ANC national executive committee “to my knowledge, did not take the matter any further”. “And as a consequence, the extent to which corruption contributed to practices of patronage, factionalism and the manipulation of organisational processes within the ANC is a matter of record. The recognition of these facts does not mean that the ANC is itself corrupt or uniquely affected by corruption,” he said. He said the organisation could and should have done more to prevent the abuse of power and the misappropriation of resources that defined the era of state capture. “For this, we acknowledge to the people of South Africa that we did not always live up to the values and principles that have defined the movement for over more than a century of its existence. We are determined and we undertake to work alongside all South Africans to ensure that the era of state capture is relegated to history, and that the excesses that took place may never again occur in our country,” said the president.