Black Leopards goalie King Ndlovu has sent a request to the club management asking for his contract to be terminated immediately, SunSport has reliably learnt. The 28-year-old who has been a regular for Leopards this season, is believed to be unhappy at Lidoda Duvha and wants to try his luck elsewhere. The former GladAfrica Championship side Jomo Cosmos player was not even part of Leopards' team that lost 1-0 against Moroka Swallows in their DStv Premiership encounter at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday. This left no choice for Leopards' interim coach Lehlohonolo Seema to use Jonas Mendez, and Rotshidzwa Muleka on the bench. “Club management called a meeting last week to try to find out why the team is struggling and if there are players who have problems so that they can be solved,” said the source of information. “Many players had issues but they were scared to raise them with management. So, King had the courage to raise those issues and the management was not happy with him doing so. They blamed him for causing the problems and he felt the best for him was to ask to leave the club.” But the club is yet to confirm his termination letter request. Leopards general manager, Tshifhiwa Thidiela said: "As far as I'm concerned he's still a part of Black Leopards." Added another source: “He is back home in Pretoria waiting for the club’s response. The club will not reject to his request since he has not been playing.” When contacted, The Ga-Rankuwa-born star who joined Leopards in 2018, said: “I don’t know what you are talking about. All I know is that I am a Leopards player.” Thidiela has further confirmed that three of their players – Lefa Hlongwane, Tebogo Makobela and Onyedikachi Ononogbu - are suspended for participating in the Easter Weekend’s Thabiso Semenya Annual Easter Tournament, which took place at Moletjie Mashobohleng Sports Ground. Leopards are bottom on the log with 13 points from 22 league matches. This season, the Venda-based side have only registered three wins.unless their performance improve, Leopards will see themselves playing the the Championship next season. 