NETFLIX’S first South African documentary, My Octopus Teacher, is flying the Mzansi flag after scooping an Oscar. The doccie won Best Documentary Feature at the prestigious 93rd Academy Awards which took place in Los Angeles, USA on Sunday, 25 April. Two weeks after the documentary won a British Academy of Film and Television Arts (Bafta) for Best Documentary, it won the Oscar. The multi-award-winning doccie, directed by James Reed and Pippa Ehrlich, follows Craig Foster, a filmmaker who befriends an octopus underwater for a year. My Octopus Teacher was nominated alongside documentaries Collective, Time, The Mole Agent and Crip Camp. Pippa, who was emotional and in disbelief, thanked everyone who worked on the doccie from Craig, the octopus, to the people who allowed their house to be used for the production and the ones who edited it. ALSO READ | ACHIM’S HUB HELPS ARTISTS She also thanked Netflix and South Africans for the support. “I know there are many South Africans awake watching right now. In many ways this really is a tiny personal story that played out in a seaforest at the very tip of Africa. But on a more universal level, I hope that it provided a glimpse of a different type of relationship between human beings and the natural world,” said Pippa. James also thanked people. Messages of congratulations were all over social media for the team of My Octopus Teacher. President Cyril Ramaphosa was also part of the people who congratulated the team on Twitter on Monday, 26 April. “Congratulations once again to the production team of #MyOctopusTeacher for winning ‘Best Documentary Feature’ at the #Oscars – the documentary has opened a window into the natural beauty and diversity of South Africa’s oceans and marine ecosystems,” he said. “We hope it will encourage a greater appreciation and advocacy for marine conservation at a time when ocean degradation is a growing global problem,” he said.  Congratulations once again to the production team of #MyOctopusTeacher for winning ‘Best Documentary Feature’ at the #Oscars - the documentary has opened a window into the natural beauty and diversity of South Africa’s oceans and marine ecosystems. pic.twitter.com/FMjqqhMiwc We hope it will encourage a greater appreciation and advocacy for marine conservation at a time when ocean degradation is a growing global problem. 