NTUTHUKO Shoba (31) told the court that he was excited to be a new dad, but the evidence suggests otherwise! Shoba appeared in the Roodepoort Magistrates Court yesterday for bail application. He’s accused of being the mastermind behind the murder of Tshegofatso Pule and her unborn baby. Pule was found hanging from a tree in Durban Deep last June. She was eight months pregnant. Shoba claimed to have been supportive of Pule emotionally and financially, saying he was excited to become a father and had no reason to kill an innocent child. But the prosecution revealed, through WhatsApp evidence, what Pule and Shoba said. ALSO READ: HAWKS CONFIRM HERITAGE FUND CASE! “I know you don’t want this child but I can’t abort again,” said Pule, who refused to abort like she did with the first child. State prosecutor Paseka Temeki said Pule was left to face the pregnancy on her own. “Shoba never went to any doctor’s appointment with Pule, and always used Uber to get her to where she needed to go. He was not happy about being a father as he wanted the court to believe,” Temeki said. Temeki said Shoba never paid for various medical expenses as he claimed in court. “The WhatsApp messages are proof that the applicant has been absent most of the time, hiding behind work and at times his other girlfriend,” said Temeki. On 5 February last year, Pule wrote to Shoba, saying: “I need your support. Time is not on our side because I want to start going for my check-ups. I don’t want to risk the pregnancy.” ALSO READ: MASTERMIND REVIVED ON UZALO! Temeki said after several attempts, Pule told Shoba that she was not going to abort at that late stage of pregnancy. “I’m not that evil. I felt God was going to punish me for doing that. “And to think it was not my first time doing it. Sorry for ruining your plans of life. I did not mean to,” wrote Pule. Shoba told Pule that his patience was running out. He also told her that they should wait for the baby to be born to get DNA results. First accused Muzikayise Malephane has already been sentenced, and has promised to turn state witness against Shoba. The matter has been postponed to Monday, 26 April.