IT’S a matter of David versus Goliath... So it looks considering Chippa United are in the DStv Premiership, while Pretoria Callies are in the GladAfrica Championship league. But one thing in common is that the two sides will lock horns in the Nedbank Cup semi-final tomorrow to determine the team that will qualify for the cup’s final. The irony is that both teams are currently under new leaderships, respectively. The Chilli Boys have just fired their coach Dan “Dance” Malesela, leaving Siyabulela Gwambi in charge, while the Romans have roped in the well-travelled Joel Masutha after the sacking of Sammy Troughton. But one thing for sure: there has to be a winner! The possibility of playing in the Caf Confederation Cup next season is a massive motivation for both clubs, and will head into that match highly charged up to reach the final. Callies are hoping to live up to their motto: Up the Romans, as the Championship side plan a giant-killing act against Chippa at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Masutha, who once coached the Chilli Boys, does not hide their ambition of reaching the final and possibly making history by winning it. The Ke Yona winner gets the pleasure of an automatic qualification into the Confederation Cup. Callies are in their first season in the Championship, and they are the only lower league side left in the competition. “There’s a possibility that we might qualify for the Caf competition and that gives us extra motivation,” Masutha added. “We look forward to a difficult match knowing that we are playing a DStv Premiership side. We will have to fight to get that victory.” Masutha joined Callies at the beginning of this month, and the coach is confident the squad he has can achieve a lot. He stated: “The boys are responding well. Yes, the results (in the league) have not been confirming that. Chippa are not a closed book to us. We know how they play. We know their players and we will try to capitalise on their mistakes.” Gwambi has the same ambition: “We aim to make history.” He will be hoping to use the cup as confidence booster and remedy to turn their form around. There’s no doubt that Chippa are more desperate for better fortune in the league, where they currently lie second from bottom and are in danger of relegation. Gwambi insisted that they can retain their top-flight status and also win the Ke Yona Cup. “The balance is there. Our progress in the cup will not overrule the fact that we are in the relegation zone. We will use this match as another form of preparation for our next league match.” Gwambi admitted they know little about their opponents, but they will not be underestimating them. “The message is clear: we intend to get to the final. We are presented with an opportunity to get to the final for the first time in the history of this club,” he added.