STELLENBOSCH FC coach Steve Barker has vowed that they will do everything in their power to hold on to some of their best players at the end of the season but will not force anyone to stay against their wish. Stellies have been making good progress in what is only their second season in the top flight of Mzansi football with a number of their stars catching the eye through solid performances. As a result, some of them have been linked with moves away from the Cape Winelands outfit at the end of the season. The likes of speedy duo Leletu Skelem and Ashley du Preez have been linked with Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs alongside Phathutshedzo Nange, who is only with Stellies on a short-term deal. Nange, who was training with Amakhosi at the beginning of the season in the hope that he would get a contract if their transfer ban was to be lifted, did not celebrate when he scored in the two sides’ thrilling 2-2 draw at FNB Stadium on Tuesday. “I think it’s always about weighing up where you are as a club and where a player is in his career,” said Barker. “We are ambitious ourselves as a club, we also want to be a successful club and part of our strategy is to be a successful PSL team. “But you can’t be a successful PSL team if you continuously lose your best players every season. “It’s not a question of whether we are a selling club, we always look to hold on to our players and that is what we will keep doing. “But it’s all about balancing the economics and success of the club going forward. “It’s a good and healthy position to know that our players are doing as well and attracting interest. “It shows the players are working hard and that the club is doing all the right things. If they are destined for other things, we are a club that will encourage them but all at the right time.” Barker believes his side are headed in the right direction having given strong teams in the division a good run for their money. Their main target is a top-eight position. They currently sit in 10th spot with 23 points from their 20 matches. “We have come away to Kaizer Chiefs with a 2-2 draw and we are disappointed that we did not win,” added Barker. “We were also disappointed at Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United. That shows the strides that we have made as a team so far.”