MPUMALANGA police have launched a manhunt for three suspects who escaped from custody at Volksrust Magistrates Court after being brought in for their court appearance on Monday, 19 April. Police spokesman Colonel Donald Mdhluli said reports indicate that there were four suspects initially but one was later rearrested hence the manhunt for the three. “Police were transporting four suspects arrested on allegations of a business robbery, yesterday morning. During the time when the suspects were being taken from the police van to court, a scuffle broke out and the four suspects escaped. A manhunt was immediately launched thereafter.” “Whilst searching for the suspects, police received information that one of the suspects, Welcome Mncube (56) was spotted at a bush near the courthouse. Police then followed the lead, spotted him and swiflty rearrested him as he attempted to flee.” “While being arrested the suspect tried to grab the police officer’s service pistol and it went off and hit him. He was then taken to hospital after sustaining a gunshot wound and he is currently under police guard. The other two members that sustained some injuries during the scuffle at the courthouse are also recovering in hospital,” Mdhluli. He said that the suspects were arrested d for a business robbery incident which occurred on Saturday, 10 April at Volksrust.  After the said robbery, Mdhluli said police then followed information and arrested the four suspects and found them in possession of a firearm as well as ammunition suspected to have been used in the robbery. He said the suspects reportedly had their first court appearance on Monday, 12 April and when they escaped from lawful custody they were about to have their second court appearance. “The suspects are also facing a charge of possession of suspected stolen vehicle, a Ford Ranger which forms part of probe as it is said that the vehicle was used during the said business robbery and preliminary investigation revealed that the vehicle was reported stolen in Gauteng, “ he said. He said the other three suspects, Jima Dube (34) Sandile Gasa( 42) and Emmanuel Sibanda (28) are still at large and police urge members of the public not to approach them as they are considered to be dangerous but rather notify police about their whereabouts. He said police cannot rule out possibilities of adding more charges with regard to the injured members.  Members of the community can contact police in Volksrust Police at 0177359913 or Crime Stop number on 08600 10111. Alternatively, can send information via MYSAPSAPP.