MARITZBURG United coach Ernst Middendorp was beaming with a smile as his side made club history in the DStv Premiership when they thrashed Chippa United 5-1 at Harry Gwala Stadium on Saturday to move out of the relegation zone. Middendorp, appointed for the fourth stint in the side in November last year, said the win over Chippa, his former club, was a “huge step” in getting away from the danger zone. This defeat for Chippa yet again piled on the pressure on coach Dan Malesela, as the following day he was sacked. For Maritzburg, who have struggled to get things going this season, moved to 13th position on the table with 20 points from 20 games. They are three points ahead of Chippa, who moved down to 14th. Middendorp’s side, who have collected 11 out of possible 15 points in the last five games, are also four points ahead of the 15th placed Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and seven ahead of bottom-placed Black Leopards. “It’s a huge step following our previous win in Nelspruit against TS Galaxy some weeks ago,” said Middendorp. “Although we didn’t bring our approach through, all of the sudden after we were down after Chippa scored, our first pressing line and second pressing line, we closed it. “We forced them to make mistakes and transition in our attack was good, very effective. As much as we scored five, it could have been one or two more.” Maritzburg, having previously won two games on the bounce, defeating Bloemfontein Celtic and Kaizer Chiefs respectively in January, couldn’t build a baseline. Middendorp is aware this can still happen, but the good thing for him is that he’ll have more time to prepare his team for the next game. Maritzburg’s next league match against Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium today has been postponed. The match against TTM on 20 April has also been postponed.The Limpopo side will face either Mamelodi Sundowns or Pirates in the Nedbank Cup semi-finals in those days. Maritzburg’s next league match will then be against Baroka FC at Harry Gwala Stadium on 23 April. Middendorp has welcomed this. “We still have a space for improvement and some of our players are not where we want them to be,” said the former Kaizer Chiefs coach. “We got other players who have little bit injury issues probably because of the intensity of training sessions of the last two, three months.”