LEGENDARY radio host Grant Shakoane has passed on. The passing of the former Metro FM radio and Radio 2000 host was confirmed to Daily Sun by one of his close friends, Hector Motivator, who said he passed on in the early hours of Thursday morning. Grant, who was affectionately known as the “Gentle Giant”, is best known for presenting Metro FM’s Sunday Music Crusade before Wilson Nkosi and Eddie Zondi. Speaking to Daily Sun, Hector said Grant’s passing has left him shattered. “Although I was aware that he was not well, as last week he requested that people should keep him in their prayers as he was not getting better in hospital, I am in shock. His passing has hit me hard, it was the last thing that I had expected and what makes it worse is that he just lost his son two months ago,” he said. ALSO READ | TNS TELLS EVENT ORGANISERS: ANDIZI Hector said he is going to miss the radio veteran. “He played his role, and I am going to miss him a lot as we were still expecting to do a lot with him. We was part of us at the newly relaunched Radio BOP,” he said. “He was a true legend who did not let his legendary status get to his head, he was bubbly and outgoing, always willing to assist wherever he can. Working with him was so easy, truly this is a great loss.” Following the news of his passing, tributes have been pouring in. Paying their respects, Radio BOP took to Twitter and said: “Grant Shakoane was one of us here at Radio BOP SA. In 2018 during our first attempt at coming back, he did our Saturday & Sunday 1 to 5pm weekend slot. We recently (December 2020) invited him to do a broadcast with us at Shaguma Lounge,” they wrote. ALSO READ: DEAL BETWEEN AUTHOR, VETERAN ACTOR ENDS IN TEARS! Radio host Robert Marawa said: “Thoughts and prayers to Ausi Albertina and her loving family!! Such a deeply sad and emotional time for one who was so deeply loved and appreciated by many.” Tim Modise said he is saddened by his passing. “I’ve just learned from Wilson Nkosi that ‘the Gentle Giant’ Grant Shakoane has passed on. Like many of us and his friends, I am saddened by the news. I extend my sympathies to Ausi Albertina & family. I wish you strength. Modimo a le fodise,” he wrote.