SQUAD rotation is here to stay at DStv Premiership champions Mamelodi Sundowns, according to head co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi. Mngqithi explained their player-rotation plan to manage their big squad without any favouritism to any player after their 3-1 league win over Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Tuesday. Sundowns are fighting on three fronts this season – the DStv Premiership, Caf Champions League, and the Nedbank Cup. The Downs trio of coaches – comprising Mngqithi, Rhulani Mokwena and Steve Komphela – have not been predictable in their squad selection, as they regularly tweak the side. Talking after beating TTM, Mngqithi said: “At Sundowns the coaches reward good performance. That kills the headache of bias and wanting to select a player even when they are no longer performing.” The coach singled out Sibusiso “Vila” Vilakazi, who recently returned from long-term injury, citing that he might start tomorrow when Downs host CR Belouizdad in their final Caf Champions League group match at Loftus (3pm). Vilakazi made an immediate impact when he was introduced in the second half against TTM, as he managed to score his first goal of the season. Said Mngqithi: “When Vila comes in and scores, he continues (to feature in the team). He is already ahead in the pecking order because you know what he has given you in the previous match, and it should go on. “That is not going to change. “We are just happy. That is why even George (Maluleka), who came in (as a sub) against Al Hilal, was in the 18 (squad on Tuesday) and got a chance to play. The captain (Hlompho Kekana) was unfortunate because he also did well against Al Hilal. Mngqithi also heaped praise on Sphesihle Mkhulise, the star of the show against TTM. “It’s always encouraging to see players like Pitso (Mkhulise) performing the way he does,” he said. “The boy is working hard, focused is a good professional. You should reward such players because there are not too many highly talented players who have a clean lifestyle and working hard week in week out. “You are building something that you know is going to yield something for you, because if the player is focused, you can see he has bigger ambitions for the future.”