ONCE celebrated ex-Orlando Pirates and Bafana Bafana goalkeeper, Brilliant Khuzwayo, shook the unforgiving social media by creating a storm when he gave Kaizer Chiefs goalie, Daniel Akpeyi, some "one-oh-one" 'keeper lessons. Referring to the Stellenbosch's opening goal from a corner in their 2-2 DStv Premiership draw against Chiefs at FNB Stadium, Khuzwayo reckons Akpeyi could have done better. Here's Khuzwayo lesson to the Nigerian goalie: "Akpeyi was suppose to attack that corner and catch it. Come in front of Tower (Eric Mathoho) and not behind. Also the defenders could’ve done better in both goals." With this he ruffled feathers as staunch Chiefs fans jumped into the debate. Replying to Khuzwayo's remarks, Sharon Nyika, hit back: "You failed the team a number of times wena (you); sit down, it must be cold in Durban." Mpolokeng Mohafa weighed in: "Whenever Akpeyi is in between the goal posts and makes a mistake you always talk about it, but when your friend (assuming it's Itumeleng Khune), you don't do the same, you ignore it... your agenda against Akpeyi is irritating." But Goodman Mbhele saw it better: "But Akpeyi called for the ball, what else the defenders could have done because when you call for the ball we all expect you to get it, and we stop waiting to see what you gonna do with the ball?" The 31-year-old retired goalie replied: "Yeah, he did (call for the ball) but still attack the ball rather than going to it square. That's the golden rule. Cause someone is gonna attack in-front and score just like that." And Khuzwayo came back about the second goal: "(On) the 2nd goal he no chance, the defence was supposed to do better." Gazankulu_Nameck said the problem "starts when a defender keeps quiet in such situations". "As a defender you need to shout and say we going higher gents. Scare them. Once they kick the ball our keeper must say something. They don't connect at all," he added. Tshepi Molson believes the amount of errors "in that Chiefs team in a single game is out of this world". Added Tshepi: "Each and every department has consistent errors. From wrong pass, wrong run, wrong body position etc.., it’s chaos there... Gavin Hunt has lot of work to do there." Khuzwayo added: "Crosses are a major problem for keepers. It’s not just him only. Many keepers struggle with crosses. Even I did struggle." But the robust one replied: "But you used to punch them away Brilliant, your fist was so strong and you never tried to catch the ball, and in most instances your positioning was on point. Very few crosses caught you off guard." Akpeyi was suppose to attack that corner and catch it. Come on front of Tower not behind. Also the defenders should’ve done better in both goals. 