SOUTH Africa is a nation in mourning... Like Alan Paton’s Cry, the Beloved Country, whose main focus was on the pain inflicted by racial segregation and oppression, the same fate has befallen our diski. Let it out, fellow South Africans... cry and throw your toys out of the cot. Your dreams to board a plane to Cameroon in January for the 2022 Afcon finals have all been dashed. The same sentiment could be directed at the football governing body, the South African Football Association (Safa), to kiss its Vision 2022 goodbye, safe to say that soccer’s governing body has failed dismally. To most of us, it sounded like a good fairy tale – when the vision was first introduced as a “fundamental rebuilding of the Safa structures at all levels to create conditions that would result in international success”. This sounds Shakespearean – much ado about nothing – nine months before 2022. Now, all eyes will fall on Caf president Patrice Motsepe, who is South African, to work alongside Safa president Danny Jordaan to mend ways marred by Molefi Ntseki’s muddy shoes, along with his Bafana Bafana. It is no coincidence that Madagascar, who had Ahmad Ahmad as Caf president at the time, started showing other African nations flames at the Egyptian Afcon. He had a lot of contribution in order not to be embarrassed by his home team. Motsepe must recommend a world-class coach for Safa, and if needs be, help them pay his salary. But it cannot be business as usual when Africa’s world-class country failed to qualify for four Afcons in 11 years. This works against Motsepe’s reputation – because judging by the direction this country is taking, there is no chance in hell for it to make it to the 2022 Qatar Fifa World Cup. Personally, Ntseki is a nice guy, well-spoken, disciplined and honest. But unfortunately, the shoes he’s worn were too big to warrant any public sympathy. Admittedly, he failed as a coach, having led the country down this road. The confirmation of his sacking yesterday is something that should never have happened – if Safa took this country seriously. He shouldn’t have been appointed in that big role in the first place. Where to from here? Safa is also clueless! They’re yet to receive Ntseki’s report, but who cares about it now? Fact is Bafana are in shambles. It’s in your hands, Safa. Make the right decision this time around to restore hope to this reeling nation. Remember, Paton’s novel brought about international attention to South Africa’s tragic history, and now this Afcon failure has also caused this country to lose its remaining continental respect. Interact with Mathews Mpete on @Mathews_Mpete