The South
African National Editors’ Forum (SANEF) has strongly condemned the
cyberbullying of journalist Amos Mananyetso. This comes after
an article where he revealed that a 23-year-old woman had opened a rape case in
Sandton and identified an Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) leader as an alleged
perpetrator. The man has
strongly denied the allegation. Following
the publication of the article, the SAPS acknowledged the case had been opened,
and stated that the EFF leader was not a suspect. As a
result, the journalist has been cyberbullied and threatened on social media
platforms. “SANEF
maintains that those affected by published or broadcast material should always
direct their complaints to relevant independent bodies including the Press Council
and the Broadcasting Complaints Commission of South Africa (BCCSA),” SANEF
said. These
bodies have the authority to thoroughly investigate the media on issues of
accuracy and ethics using the press code. SANEF added
that it is also concerned that the SAPS’s statement singling out the journalist
put his safety at risk. “We
understand that the lawyers of the Daily Sun have written to the SAPS demanding
an apology and the retraction of the SAPS’s statement which sort to portray the
journalist as a liar and as someone who failed to check the facts with the
police. SANEF
always engages the SAPS through the office of the National Police Commissioner
where differences are meant to be ironed out and amicable solutions sought to
ensure a professional coexistence with law enforcement agencies and the media. SANEF notes
that the article also brings to the fore the issue of Gender-Based Violence
(GBV) a pandemic within a pandemic. In the next
two weeks, SANEF is staging four Webinars to thoroughly discuss the lapses in
media ethics as identified by the Satchwell Report on the country’s media
ethics and credibility. In May
SANEF will also be hosting an Ethics Conference where the media will seek to
energise the sector to recommit to upholding the Press Code of ethics and a
plan of action.  