A CO-OPERATIVE
governance director (49) and his wife (36) reappeared in the Bushbuckridge
Magistrates Court on Thursday, 29 April. They’re facing
eight charges, which include rape, assault, human trafficking, illegal
immigration and compelled sexual assaults. The both told
the court they intend to plead not guilty to all charges. During their
appearance on Monday, 26 April, the state said they were facing one charge of
rape, one of compelled sexual assaults and one of assault with intent to do
grievous bodily harm. But on
Thursday state prosecutor Aletta Mnisi said: “The state has added five new
charges against both accused. One count of rape against accused number one. And
one count of compelled sexual assaults and one of illegal immigration against
accused number two. The state also charged them with a count of human
trafficking and a count of assault with intent to do grievous. Accused number
one raped the victim (13) between 2019 and 2021, and the second victim (15)
from August 2020 until February 2021 at their home in Shatale. Both assaulted
the victims with a sjambok,” said Mnisi. Their lawyer
Advocate Pompi Letsoalo said: “Applicant number one is chronic and is on
medication. He has a valid passport. He is employed as a director by Cogta. He
is a father of eight kids, a part-time student at Unisa, and he is currently
writing exams.” He said the
couple’s been married since 2016 and the wife has a 17-year-old child, who’s
grade 12. “She is a
Mozambican citizen with a valid passport,” he said. “Both are not
a flight risk if they could be released on bail,” said Letsoalo. Colonel Donald
Mdhluli said the wife allegedly forced the two victims to have sexual with her
husband in exchange for a meal. “Reports
indicate the two girls, who are cousins, were reportedly lured between 2019 and
2020 from Mozambique by their own aunt under false pretence for a better
education, then trafficked to South Africa only to be subjected to rape, as
well as gross human and sexual abuse,” said Mdhluli. The girls
managed to escape on Friday. Magistrate
Nhlanhla Malomane postponed the matter until Monday, 3 May, for further hearing
and evidence.