LEAVE Zuma alone! That is the message from many people who believe former president Jacob Zuma’s been treated unfairly by both the Constitutional Court and the Zondo Commission. They told Daily Sun Zuma is a victim of a political attack. Zuma submitted a 21-page letter dated 14 April to the ConCourt that he will not submit an affidavit for a suitable sanction should he be found in contempt of court. Themba Miya (40) said: “The court and the commission are extremely unfair when it comes to Zuma. White people are never subjected to this kind of harassment.”  Siyabonga Zwane (35) said: “Why can’t the state just charge him so he goes to court to defend those charges? Instead he is being pushed to appear before the commission which will only make recommendations.” Christopher Mosa (31) said: “Imposing jail time for contempt of court is unfair. The man is too old for jail. They must rather fine him. He is not the only corrupt politician but why such a harsh treatment towards him?” Ntokozo Dlamini (40): “This is pure hatred and a personal attack on Zuma. This will also create division among South Africans. I support him for refusing to appear before the commission.” However, Lucy Mogale (29) said: “Zuma behaves as if he is above the law. He should go to jail. He’s making a mockery of our justice system. He also needs to face his corruption charges.”  In his letter to Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng, Zuma said he’s resigned to being a prisoner. “It’s become clear to me that even though the Constitutional Court has no jurisdiction, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo was determined to place the matter before judges who serve as his subordinates to obtain the order he wants.” Zuma said he was stripped of his constitutional rights. He said although he established the commission, he was aware it was proposed as part of a campaign to throw him out of government. He said his decision not to participate in the contempt of court proceedings was because he believed his attendance wouldn’t change the atmosphere of the hostility and humiliation reflected in its judgment against him. “I’m ready for the finding of the Constitutional Court. I shall await the decision of the esteemed court and am preparing myself for its obvious, although unjustified, severity,” Zuma wrote.