Mzansi will be celebrating Freedom Day on Tuesday, 27 April. However, many people have very little to celebrate. SunReaders told Daily Sun they don’t feel free because of increasing cases of corruption and looting. They said they need jobs, economic freedom, equality, land, houses, as well as access to basic service delivery. Phillip Mashigo (55) said he felt betrayed as he was among the young people who took part in the 1976 Soweto uprising. “The injustices of the past haven’t been corrected. The gap between the rich and poor needs to be closed,” said Phillip. “Jobs must be made available for us to regard ourselves as free. People should be given opportunities for skills development so they can sustain themselves. Small businesses must be given enough support for growth.  “We were all excited to cast our votes in 1994, hoping that our lives would improve. But our needs were never met and prioritised. We’re fighting for jobs with illegal immigrants because our borders are not monitored.” Taxi driver Nyiko Maluleke (41) said: “I haven’t experienced freedom – I’m sill waiting for it to this day. “Yes, we’re now able to be in the same space with white people, but we’re struggling.  “I’m a taxi driver because I’ve been struggling to get a job. The rich have become richer and the poor continue to struggle. Freedom is enjoyed by those who have money.” Letlhogonolo Metsing (30) said: “I’m happy with the freedom of this country. We have various opportunities and are supported with resources to create jobs for ourselves. People need to change their mindsets and start doing things for themselves.” Elphas Nkosi (41) said the commemoration of Freedom Day is a public stunt. “We can’t talk about freedom when we’re not economically free. We’re not liberated. There’s no freedom at all,” said Elphas.  “We haven’t seen better lives for all. Instead, we have mushrooming informal settlements. Where is the land?  “Nothing is happening. Our leaders need to take people seriously.” Pretty Mkwepu (53), originally from Malawi, said: “I wish South Africans celebrated and embraced Freedom Day. “Not many countries on the continent share what they have. “I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for freedoms enjoyed here. “I’m self-employed and happy to be protected by South African laws.”