A Langa-based NGO Vusa Rugby and Learning Academy launched a reading programme for kids ekasi on Sunday, 25 April. The Tuk Tuk Mobile Library programme will see a scooter full of books moving from one creche to another teaching kids how to readi in English and isiXhosa. Speaking to Daily Sun, Brendan Fogarty from the NGO said the library will go a long way to instill the culture of reading in kids. “Our idea is that the Tuk Tuk Mobile Library visits the creches in Langa every day. In some way, we believe we will inculcate in our children the love of reading, which is such an important skill to have,” he said. They have only one scooter targeting three creches at the moment. The plan is to grow and reach as many creches as possibly but Brendan said their finances are limited. The moving library did not bring joy only to kids but even to teacher Lungile Mfiri (62) who lost his job last year due to Covid-19. For the past three weeks, he has found a new job driving the Tuk Tuk to creches and reading to the kids. “Reading for the kids is important. When I grew up I didn’t know how to read English but I took time to learn and I became good at it. I then took it upon myself to teach my kids to read while they were still young and the teachers at the school they attended were amazed. I hope young children in Langa will grow their love of reading at a tender age because it will help them in the future,” said Lungile. When the Tuk Tuk Mobile Library was launched in a park along Bhunga Drive in Langa, several kids attended the event. Lungile read for the curious kids who were visibly excited. Buhle Siko (12), a grade 5 pupil from Thembani Primary School, said: “I love the reading sessions because it keeps our minds awake. They also give us amagwinya after the session,” he said. Vusa programme director Makabongwe Kahla said the NGO started in Langa in 2001 and was only focusing on teaching kids rugby. In 2010, that is when they introduced the academic side, where kids are taught after a rugby session. “Even teachers from the kids’ schools appreciated our efforts as they saw a huge difference in their pupils’ performance,” said Makabongwe. Parent Nozibele Velemu (48) said: “My child has been attending activities from Vusa and his schoolwork has improved. This organisation is doing a lot for our kids.”