MTV Base’s newest VJ, Uncle Vinny, shocked many people on social media on Saturday, 24 April after filling the streets of Braamfontein, Joburg. This as the entertainer, whose real name is Kabelo Vincent Ndlovu, was celebrating his 19th birthday at the Neighbourgoods Market. His fans took to the streets of Braamfontein and filled them while waiting to get into the venue. Streets were crowded as what was meant to be a normal party turned into a block party. It started with two long lines, and ended up with the venue being crowded at the gate. It was then closed due to the disorder and number of fans who were trying to gain entry. Earlier on Saturday, people tagged Vinny on social media, showing him they were travelling from afar to get to his party. Known for his unique dancing and MCing events, the rising star made it big on social media in recent months. Many were shocked at the turnout of the party. ALSO READ | UNIVERSAL MUSIC STARTS PODCAST! Most people, including celebs DJ Tira, Lasizwe and Cassper Nyovest, applauded Vinny for having a huge fanbase. Tweep Tshepo Ranko wrote: “I’m proud of Uncle Vinny. To have that many people at your event? That’s an achievement.” DJ Tira wrote: “Be original. People are going to love you, Uncle Vinny.” However, some people were worried that Covid-19 numbers were going to spike. “Only problem I had about Uncle Vinny’s birthday celebration was the fact that no Covid-19 protocols were observed. It was just vibes. Imagine! Some had to go back to their parents’ homes after that,” wrote Sophinoe. pic.twitter.com/PYefhCD0FE Uncle Vinny on his 19th birthday SHUT DOWN BRAAMFOENTIN! = A Legend in the making. I’m proud of Uncle Vinny. To have that many people at your event? That’s an achievement and a half. It doesn’t matter if he’s a DJ or not, but to have that kind of influence amongst your peers? That’s HUGE! Be original people are going to love you ?? Uncle Vinny ?????? — 21 Years of Dj Tira (@DJTira) April 24, 2021 Uncle Vinny is taking us to season 3 of Covid 19. Only problem that I had about Uncle Vinny’s birthday celebration was the fact that no covid protocols were observed it was just vibes..Imagine some had to go back to their parents homes after????‍?? 