THE new Bafana Bafana coach could be unveiled as early as this weekend. The announcement will follow the SA Football Association’s national executive meeting, scheduled for Saturday where they will deliberate on the names recommended by the technical committee. But those who are hoping to see a local coach replace Molefi Ntseki, may be disappointed. According to our sources, Safa will most likely be going for an overseas coach. Those leading the race are former Bafana coach Carlos Queiroz, French mentor Herve Renard and Belgian coach Hugo Broos. The trio’s names are synonymous with African football, although Queiroz hasn’t coached on the continent since his last stint with Bafana two decades ago. The technical committee has been divided on the names of local coaches, who included ex-Bafana strikers Benni McCarthy and Pitso Mosimane. The committee, headed by Jack Maluleke, is understood to have finalised its list of candidates and will await the decision of the NEC on who gets appointed. The NEC reserves the right to either accept or reject the recommended names. “The Safa national executive committee will decide on the names that have been forwarded at the meeting on Saturday. “But I’m not at liberty to talk about the candidates,” said Safa communications head Dominic Chimhavi. “The NEC will deliberate on the candidates and we will brief the media on the outcome of the meeting. I cannot say when the name of the chosen candidate will be announced.But Safa wants to complete the process within the prescribed time as the senior national team currently has no head coach.” Ntseki was fired after he failed to qualify Bafana for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations finals. Whoever replaces him will become the 20th Bafana mentor in 29 years since the team’s existence after Mzansi was readmitted to international football in 1992. However, some appointments have been on an interim basis, such as the likes of Steve Komphela, Jomo Sono and Conti Kubheka. Sono, Mosimane, as well as Carlos Alberto Parreira have had more than one stint. Bafana will visit Zimbabwe for their opening World Cup 2020 Group G qualifier in early June and will later travel to Ghana a week later, on the weekend of 11-14 June.