IT’S going to be a mess... The ring will be left in shambles when the final bell goes on this International Boxing Federation World Fly-weight title fight at the York Hall, Bethnal Green boxing site in London on Friday night. The fight referee’s shirt will be left with blood stains all over, while spectators left on the edge of their seats without voices, having shouted in excitement for 12 rounds. South African flyweight king, Moruti “Baby Face” Mathalane, told SunSport that no one will wrestle the flyweight title belt off his waist. But the challenger, Sunny Edwards, said he wants to be the man rated highly among boxing magazines when he’s done with the South African boxer who has won 18 fights out of 19. It’s an historic battle as Mthalane last lost a fight against Nonito Donaire back in November 2018 at the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, in the IBO World Flyweight title fight. The undefeated 25-year-old Edwards, better known as Showtime in the ring, addressed The Ring magazine media briefing that he wants to be top of the tree in boxing circles. “But there’s no need to be ranked top while you’re not testing yourself against the best in the world,” said Edwards, who was inspired to fight by Tyson “The Gypsy King” Fury. “This is the biggest fight platform in my name. I’ve always been known in the gym and I cannot say how it will all end. I’ve had injuries and such experiences helps me build strength to get past 10 rounds. “I have a no quit attitude, regardless. I’ve learnt a lot about myself. “Probably after Friday night I would have learnt something new about me.” Mthalane said he respects Edwards for having gone 15 fights without a loss. “He is very good and I am bracing myself for a tough fight,” said Mthalane. The 39-year-old, who has held the title for five years, is a bit rusty having last fought in 2019. But he said he is feeling great and ready for any eventuality. “Much as he is still young, but in boxing, I don’t prepare for advantages and disadvantages. I just need to 100% ready and take advantage of any opportunity that I might have,” he added. “I’m not going there to hand over my title, but I will fight hard to come back home with it.” On 23 December 2019, he knocked out Akira Yaegashi at the Arena in Yokohama while successfully defending his world flyweight belt at the time.