THERE was a bizarre moment in Brazil when a football referee was caught on camera to have urinated on his trousers while officiating. So excited or anxious was the referee about the cup match that he had no time to rush to the toilet but instead opted to set himself free. He emptied his bludder in the centre circle, just seconds before kick-off of the match Copa do Brasil meeting between Boavista and Goias last Thursday. Denis da Silva Ribeiro Serafim elected to pee on his pants with TV cameras rolling. He did it so discreetly that no one picked up on the extraordinary moment, as he introduced his fellow match officials to the players. Only a few noticed there was urine running down the ref’s legs, and the footage started going viral as the match was being played in Brazil. The video showed da Silva loosening on his shorts after glancing behind his back and peeing close to the match ball.He soon stepped away from the centre circle, before breaking into a run to cover up his gaffe. There have been some bizarre moments also in the PSL in recent times. Former Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane, in the 2016-17 season in the second to last league match against Maritzburg United at Lucas Moripe Stadium, was struggling to hold the urine. He then went straight to the changing room. At that time, Sundowns were neck-and-neck with now defunct Bidvest Wits for the biggest prize in the PSL. Jingles couldn’t hold himself after Maritzburg had scored two goals in the first half. However, when he came back, Sundowns had scored two goals late to salvage. But it was little too late to get a win as Wits beat Polokwane City at Bidvest Stadium on the same day to be crowned the champions. The following season, there was another bizarre incident involving Steve Komphela when he was the coach of Kaizer Chiefs. Amakhosi were visiting Cape Town City in September 2017 at Cape Town Stadium. Komphela’s pants got torn in the middle of barking instructions and he had to leave the pitch to change it. He almost could not see former Chiefs midfielder Wiseman Meyiwa making history for the club to become the youngest ever scorer for Soweto giants, scoring the second as Chiefs won 2-0.