SHE had to undergo an emergency C-section at 32 weeks because her blood pressure was high. And what was supposed to be a happy time ended in tears for Lerato Moolman. This is because she’s now walking around with an open stomach, which is discharging a watery fluid. The 40-year-old from Marikana squatter camp outside Sebokeng zone 7, Vaal, said she will never forget the horrific day. “When I arrived at the Sebokeng Hospital in February, I was scanned and told I needed surgery as my situation was an emergency.When I was discharged, I was told to go to a nearby clinic to remove the stitches. I could feel something was wrong when my stomach started being tight as a rock. Nurses at the clinic told me they couldn’t remove the stitches because of the stiff stomach and suggested I go back to the hospital,” she said. Lerato said she returned to the hospital and a doctor said the operation looked okay, but they’d unstitch the wound to check what caused the stiffness. “A midwife was called and when I asked them what they were going to do to me, she told me my operation is rotten and they needed to remove what was in my tummy,” she said. Lerato said that the midwife also removed worms from her stomach. “I’m still distraught. I was not addressed when I was cut the second time. My stomach is still open. I didn’t even get counselling after these traumatic sessions,” she said. She said she felt violated and wanted justice. “Management asked me to sweep this under the carpet. They wanted to bribe me. If we don’t stop this at Sebokeng Hospital, women will continue to be violated and paid to keep their injustices under the carpet,” she said. Gauteng health spokeswoman Kwara Kekana said they were aware of the incident, but denied the allegations. “To address the allegations, the hospital held a redressing meeting with the family on 1 April. The hospital offered psychological support to the family, which was refused,” she said. Asked about allegations of bribery, Kekana said: “The hospital is not aware of any efforts to bribe the patient. “We therefore request for evidence of the bribery as this is unethical.”