“I’VE been treated unkindly.” These the words of ANC veteran and businessman, Tokyo Sexwale. He claimed he was ignored by Finance Minister Tito Mboweni when he asked how he could help with the Fees Must Fall matter. He said he wrote to Mboweni on 21 February 2019 after his first letter on the 14th of that month was ignored. Sexwale was briefing the media in Midrand, Joburg, on Thursday 22 April. This follows his allegations that money meant for the poor, from what he called the Heritage Fund, was stolen. His briefing came after National Treasury and the South African Reserve Bank denied any knowledge of the fund, and said Sexwale may have been a victim of a scam. Sexwale said he felt he needed to bring more clarity on the Heritage Fund. He said when he realised the money was being stolen, he wrote to the Reserve Bank governor, Lesetja Kganyago, telling him there was fraud and money laundering happening. He said he handed documents to Kganyago with proof of money laundering and fraud from within the bank, but the governor allegedly never got back to him. He alleged Kganyago then stopped taking his calls. Sexwale said the Heritage Fund was not Mzansi money as it was from Asia, where he took he got his mandate. He said the fund was based in Singapore and was owned by a Chinese man named Chuck Leong. He said he had investigated the businessman and he was authentic, which meant he was not scammed as the government has suggested. He said he’s been blocked from accessing the account where the money is being kept. According to Sexwale, when the money went to the Reserve Bank it was later transferred to 18 commercial bank accounts of well-known people in South Africa. “We’re aware of some of the names of the people who own those bank accounts. Some are high officials in the country,” he said. Sexwale said he warned President Cyril Ramaphosa the money had been deposited into illegal accounts in other countries including the UAE. He said that was the reason they went to report the matter to the police. “We need help to investigate what happened to the funds,” he said Sexwale said the money was enough to help fix the societal issues. He said Ramaphosa and former president Jacob Zuma were aware of this fund. “The fund is able to help the students, for free education in this country. Zuma knew about the fund in 2016. “Cyril knew about the fund at that time. That’s why comrade Zuma spoke about free education, not government money,” he said. He said there are people on Twitter, and he hopes they are listening, who have been saying he’s doing this because he wants to be president. “I am 68 years old, same age as Cyril. I have done my time. I have served the people. Underground, ANC army, as premier of this great province,” he said.