AN ARMY of beauticians and wellness specialists from Joburg is taking the world by storm. Charity Sizani Tshuma, also known as Mammaz, is the founder of Mangako Beauty Academy. She is kicking the doors open for everyone who wants to learn everything about beauty.  Last year saw the pandemic stall almost everything, but Mammaz (42) saw over 100 girls graduate from her training, and 45 of them have graduated this year. What inspires her more is listening to the young girls tell heir captivating stories. Mammaz, from Zimbabwe, was a domestic worker for many years, earning anything between R800 and R1 000. She was unhappy with the job she was doing and decided to use her meagre salary to enrol at a beauty school to learn the ins and out of the beauty industry. “My journey showed me that anyone can do it, as long as you are passionate and are willing to learn,” she said.      Mammaz saw herself moving from knowing nothing at all about beauty and wellness toended up opening her own spa and beauty outlet in Bramley, north of Joburg. To date, she has opened branches in Orlando West, Soweto, Fourways and Naturena, south of Joburg. Not only are her girls travelling all over the country massaging and making people beautiful, some have gone to spread beauty to places like Dubai and cruise ships. “When my beauty and spa business took off I decided to add a training academy, which helps me share my skills with the girls. I don’t want them to only become beauticians, I want to see them own beauty shops and spas,” Mammaz said. She said the beauty sector is for girls and they have to own up to it and benefit.  “You don’t have to start big. Get yourself a beauty kit and start by treating your friends and family members. And before you know it, word of mouth will do the rest for you.” She said people need to be beautiful to feel good and you get that vibe as you arrive at the gate of the Bramely branch as a Molly Phiri welcomed this journalist and offered “juicy or tea”? Then you are taken to the dark massage room which shuts down the outside world and helps turn the spotlight completely to yourself as you get best massages, meni and pedi cures.  “I emphasise the importance of making sure that the customer leaves the place satisfied because he or she will come back with more people who will also do the same, let your work speak for itself,” said Mamaz. She said seeing girls who were earning R2500 as salaries earning up to R15 000 and becoming financially independent is what drives her to want to do more intakes.  “Even those with no cash now, I allow them to train and pay later once they are up on their feet financially and we take girls from all over the country, Mpumalanga, KZN and Cape Town and we have accommodation as well,” she said. But to be able to do this, you really need to be mentally strong, what is her secret?  “Naturally, I’m a very strong person, I have faith which strong and helps me a lot and my family, my husband and kids are amazingly supportive to all that I do,” she said. Mammaz’s dream is to see her academy grow to become one of the biggest in Mzanzi, if not the world.