ORLANDO Pirates have taken a massive step towards securing qualification for the knockout stages of the Caf Confederation Cup. This after the Soweto giants beat Libyan outfit Al Ahly Benghazi 3-0 at an empty Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Sunday. Ntsikelelo Nyauza, Tshegofatso Mabasa and Kabelo Dlamini were on the scoresheet for the Buccaneers as they inched a step closer towards reaching the next round of the competition. Bucs find themselves in a strong position in Group A having won two and and drawn as many matches in their four outings so far. Josef Zinnbauer’s charges remain the only team in their group that is yet to taste defeat and they sit pretty at the top with eight points, two clear of second-placed Enyimba of Nigeria. Their opponents on the night, Benghazi, are in third place with four points while Algerian side ES Setif prop up the table with a solitary point so far. Pirates seem determined to do well in the competition as they look to add yet another trophy in their cabinet which already has the MTN 8 which they won earlier this season. Bucs made their intentions clear early on in their clash against Benghazi as they looked to avoid dropping more points against the same opponents after they played a goalless draw in their last meeting. Zinnbauer’s side looked to make their home advantage count and they signalled their intentions when Nyauza broke the deadlock in the 26th minute. It was then the turn of Mabaso to drive home the advantage with a neat header in the 41st minute before Dlamini put the final nail in Benghazi’s coffin in the second half with the third goal. Bucs now turn their attention to their massive Nedbank Cup quarter final clash against Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld on Thursday (6pm). Meanwhile, in the DStv Premiership, Swallows FC returned to winning ways after they beat Black Leopards 1-0 at Dobsonville Stadium yesterday. Daniel Gozar’s penalty ended a run of seven matches without a win for the Dube Birds. ? FT || @orlandopirates 3 - 0 Ahli Benghazi?? 26' Nyauza?? 41' (OG) Milad?? 69' Dlamini?????#TotalCAFCC #Matchday#OrlandoPirates#OnceAlways pic.twitter.com/1OfrUFB9ZI 