The trial
of double murder-accused Rameez Patel took an interesting turn in the Polokwane
High Court this week when it emerged certain records – including the explosive
testimony of his brother Razeen – had not been transcribed, despite several
rulings. Judge
Joseph Raulinga, who made the rulings last year, turned his focus to the
registrars on Wednesday. "I'm
smelling a rat here. I've been singing the same song for long that the records
must be transcribed. "The
other day, I spoke about the registrar excusing herself when she was supposed
to administer an oath to witnesses. I have my own suspicions and I don't have
to disclose the reasons for now." He
adjourned the court for a while, for the three registrars to be called in. After they
had given their version, Raulinga ruled all the court recordings must be
transcribed by 31 April 2021. He also
pointed out that at some stage a CD containing certain recordings was given to
the defence in violation of standing procedures. In 2019,
Raulinga revealed his notes had been tampered with and a statement had gone
missing. Patel is on
trial for allegedly killing his wife, Fatima, in their marital home in Nirvana,
Polokwane on 10 April 2015. He will
also later stand trial for the murder of his mother, Muhajeen. She was killed
allegedly to silence her about Fatima's killing. His father,
Firoz, was also killed in an unresolved robbery. Yunus Mayet, the father of his
current wife Nazreen, was kidnapped and killed. His younger
brother, Razeen, who later gave explosive evidence implicating him in the
killing of his wife, was shot, but survived. However,
Patel is not linked to the three crimes. Earlier on
Wednesday, prosecutor Lethabo Mashiane put it to Patel that his brother's
testimony showed he had followed him wearing different sets of clothes. The
brother also suggested he might have taken a shower because his hair was wet. It was also
put to Patel that Razeen had testified the accused confessed to him he had
killed his wife. They followed each other to the house where they found her
lying in a pool of blood. Later that
day, the police requested Rameez to hand over the clothes he had been wearing
earlier. Rameez
replied: "I was arrested on 16 April [2015]. They (police investigators)
came to prison and requested the other clothes I was wearing that [day]. That
was weeks after my arrest." He said he
gave them permission to get the other clothes. Among the
clothes was a wet jacket. Patel
denied he had deliberately hidden the baseball bat – that was also apparently
used in the crime – in the ceiling. He said the
house had two compartments in the ceiling where sport equipment was stored. Patel's
lawyer, Meshack Thipe, objected to the State's line of questioning, arguing it
was causing confusion. The trial
will resume on 7 July 2021. SOURCE:
NEWS24