THE mum of four children who were brutally murdered couldn’t hold back her tears when she finally faced their father, Lucas Phasha, who allegedly killed them. He allegedly killed and dumped them in a nearby stream after he accused their mum of cheating. Sylvia Monyela broke down in tears when prosecutor Advocate Mashudu Modau offered her a chance to directly speak to the alleged killer. The court proceedings had to adjourn for a few minutes. Before the adjournment, the heartbroken mum had asked her husband why he killed their four children. “How many children have you left out there? How many women have you left?” Sylvia asked, sobbing. “And today when I’m leaving, you just decided to kill my four children? Your father and mother separated, and your dad never killed you. Why my children?” Lucas allegedly killed his children Katlego (9), Joyce (7), Tshepo (5) and Adel (3) at their home at Ga-Phasha, outside Burgersfort in Limpopo in February last year. It’s alleged he hacked three kids with an axe and bludgeoned the youngest one with a stone. Sylvia took the stand after Lucas’s nephew, Raymond, finished giving evidence. He’d spent most of the day with Lucas after the children’s bodies were discovered. The court learnt that Sylvia had moved out of Lucas’ house for a month as they were separating. She continued telling the court that on 17 February 2020, the accused arrived at her homestead at about 2am. She and their children were sleeping. “Lucas had a knife and an axe in his hands, and instructed me to leave with him to his house, where he had sex with me. I didn’t want to leave my children alone but I had to as I was scared of him,” said Sylvia. “In the morning he made me call my neighbour to bring the kids over to his house. She just dressed them and let them come on their own. “The following day I accompanied them to school and went to Moroke Police Station to report him. But the police officer told me to go to the Praaktiseer Magistrates Court to have a protection order issued against him. “I couldn’t go as I didn’t have money for transport. Later in the day I went to the main road where scholar transport drops the children, but Lucas had collected them already. I went to my aunt’s home.” Sylvia said she couldn’t believe it when Alfred Madutlela called to say her husband had called and told him he’d killed their children. She’ll continue giving evidence again on Wednesday.