FRESH from the highs of reaching the quarter-finals of the Caf Champions League for the first time in their history, Kaizer Chiefs will look to keep the momentum going as they switch focus back to domestic football. The Glamour Boys have been anything but, especially on the domestic front where they have struggled to compete at the level, expected from one of the biggest clubs in the country. Amakhosi have been dumped out of two domestic cups – MTN 8 and Nedbank Cup – and are out of the race for the DStv Premiejrship title following a wretched start to the season. Their only hope of silverware this season remains the Champions League, in which they have surprisingly exceeded expectations. But Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt is aware that he will mostly be judged on how his side fare in the league. As a result, the 56-year-old has demanded improvement in their league form, starting with their clash against Baroka FC at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Thursday (3pm). “We need to get our domestic form right. That’s the most important thing,” said Hunt. “We have 23 points right now and I think we need another 17 in the remaining matches to get ourselves up there with the other teams. That’s 17 in 10 matches. It sounds doable but it’s easier said than done. “PSL football is very different from Champions League football. The Champions League is much slower, much more physical and direct. But the PSL is much quicker and you need a lot more movement. “And we have one hell of a game against Baroka. We need to recover from the trip and be ready for that match.” Hunt is desperate to turn things around at the club as he looks to live up to his reputation, having won numerous trophies everywhere that he has been. The former Bidvest Wits mentor has assured the Amakhosi faithful that better days are just around the corner, but he insists some of his current players need to raise their hands and help carry the team forward this season. Hunt has challenged the likes of Dumisani Zuma, who recently returned to action from injury, as well as Zambian Lazarous Kambole, who has been underwhelmed since joining the club, to play a bigger role in the latter stages of the season. “We need to look at our bench going forward. We need people like Zuma and Kambole to come in and help us,” added Hunt. “We can’t just have people in the squad but they are not helping us. Zuma has so much ability, but he needs to have the mental attitude.”