BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane is hoping that they have turned the corner after ending their winless run in the DStv Premiership. The Free State outfit had gone five matches without a win before snapping that run with their 2-1 win over TS Galaxy at the weekend. Their hopes of finishing the season in the top eight have been revived as they now sit in 10th spot on the Premiership standings with 23 points from 21 matches. They are three points adrift of Galaxy who occupy the final top eight position with 23 points from 21 matches. “We are gunning for the top eight, it’s important that we start now to collect as many points as possible,” said Mabokgwane. “We have not been doing well this season in the league. We are hoping to turn the corner in that regard and start collecting maximum points.” Mabokgwane, who recently put pen to paper on a contract extension that will keep him with Phunya Sele Sele for the next five years, is looking forward to leaving his mark at the club. The experienced shot-stopper has been rotated with youngster Sipho Chaine this season but he is eager to fully reclaim the number one jersey. He believes he is slowly regaining his form which will ensure he becomes the standout keeper at the club for the foreseeable future. “I’m pleased to have extended my stay at the club for the next five years. The club has been good to me and so I’m happy to be staying longer,” added Mabokgwane. “I am happy to have regained my form and confidence. I’m also looking forward to continuing to help the team on and off the field of play. “I’m looking forward to contributing more and helping the younger players at the club and making my mark as well. “I really am grateful and appreciate the faith the club has shown me. “I hope to repay all of it every time I step out and get a chance to play,” he said. Celtic are next in action on Sunday when they travel to KwaZulu-Natal to battle it out with second-placed Golden Arrows at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium (3pm).