AMAZULU have set a new club record, winning six successive DStv Premiership matches in a row for the first time in club history. On Saturday evening, Usuthu extended their unbeaten run in the league to 12 matches, mounting serious pressure on log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns with a 1-0 victory over Stellenbosch FC at Danie Craven Stadium. Thabo Qalinge who recently joined Usuthu scored the solitary goal of the match in the last minutes of the game. The victory sees Usuthu leapfrog Golden Arrows to the second spot in the Premiership standings with 40 points from 22 games.     They are three points behind Sundowns, who they host on 21 April at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium. Usuthu coach Benni McCarthy and his technical team jumped to joy after Qalinge’s intervention, and they were joined by president Sandile Zungu with a fist up in the stands, as his investment was coming to fruition. Despite AmaZulu starting the better side, Stellies speedster Ashley Du Preez got the better chance to take the lead for the home side. But he fluffed his chance to see his shot go wide.But AmaZulu later created a better chance to take the lead. Siphesihle Maduna set up the running Siyethemba Sithebe and the club’s number ten tried to round off the goalkeeper Sage Stephens but the chance was gone as Stephens came off the line to block his move.    Usuthu then took over as they upped the ante, pinging Stellenbosch to camped into their half.However, Stellies got a quick counter attack.  Stanley Dimgba lost Thapelo Xoki in the process when both were chasing the ball down.The Nigerian sets up Argentine’s Junior Mendieta as AmaZulu were on the back foot. But the latter widely blasted it wide with only ‘keeper to beat.Lehlohonolo Majoro, who scored the winner the last time these two sides met, also went close with a first time shot.Also Du Preez came close once again and this time he rattled the upright following a quick inter-passing.  Stellies should have gotten a penalty after Marc van Heerden broke free in the 69th minute. AmaZulu goalie Veli Mothwa came out rushing off his line in an attempt to block him but he got the man. However, referee Philip Tinyani got it wrong as he cautioned the former AmaZulu defender for simulation.It then turned into a Mothwa show against Stellenbosch. He firstly denied Du Preez at the near post and Dimgba in quick succession.However, Usuthu left it late to snatch the winner. Sithebe danced through the midfield and while Stellies backed off, he laid to Qalinge, who rounded Stephens to blast it into the empty to take all the points for the in-form Durban side. 