IT looks as if thugs driving what seems to be the same Mercedes-Benz are giving residents in Durban, KZN, a hard time today, 8 April. Video footage taken by a private security company shows a group of men in the car, in two separate areas, stopping outside people’s houses, jumping out and trying to hijack them. In one incident, the men can be seen jumping out of the Mercedes-Benz and hijacking a van. According to a Facebook page by Blue Security Company, the Mercedes-Benz sedan had three occupants. Apparently, in the first case a residents and her 18-year-old son arrived home in Sydenham, pulled up into their driveway, and saw the Mercedes-Benz behind them. The driver apparently assumed it was a relative visiting until she saw three unknown men jumping out of the vehicle and running towards her. She believed the suspects to be armed. She was grabbed by one of them and questioned as to whether or not there was a tracker or panic button in the vehicle. The suspects demanded the woman get back into the vehicle, a Mercedes-Benz SUV, and start it, as they didn’t believe her and wanted to take her with them. The woman bravely refused to get back in. This was when the suspects became aggressive and grabbed her by her head scarf, looking her straight in the face.  Thankfully, a relative inside the property saw what was going on and pressed the panic button to alert Blue Security Armed Response. The alarm caused the suspects to flee. They took cellphones and the home gate remote. The footage was captured on camera by a neighbour. The security company said it’s believed the same vehicle and three suspects appeared on yet another camera today, in Mount Vernon in Hillary. This time the suspects were seen stopping a driver and passenger and bundling one of them in the boot of their vehicle. The hijackers once again question the driver about a tracking device and, on realising there is one, let the occupants go and leave the vehicle behind. No major injuries were reported. The SunTeam
contacted the South African Police Services (SAPS) but couldn't get comment.