Firefighters are grappling with a fire that has ravaged Table Mountain since this morning, 18 April. The fire destroyed a part of a restaurant at Rhodes Memorial along Philip Kgosana Drive near the mountain. The University of Cape Town evacuated students from residence as the blanket of heavy smoke covered the student residence. City of Cape Town said properties around the area have been affected by the fire. According to Fire and Rescue spokesman Jermaine Carelse, the fire started at about 8.45am. When SunTeam arrived at the scene in the afternoon, helicopters were seen throwing water bombs at the blazing flames. UCT spokeswoman Nombuso Shabalala said all students are being evacuated from the campus to a safe place. Efforts continue to contain a vegetation fire in the mountain above UCT.The City of Cape Town is engaging in active firefighting efforts along with TMNP and the Volunteer Wildfire Service.At this stage, UCT has initiated an evacuation of student residences. #CTNews pic.twitter.com/3qtF6CqcXS  “All University of Cape Town students are being evacuated from campus by emergency services support staff. They are being taken to predetermined locations,” said Shabalala. UCT student Anesu Chimhowa (21) said they had to keep their windows closed up until the time they were told to evacuate.  “Our residences have been covered with thick blankets of smoke since mid-morning. At first we thought the fire would go away but it kept on blazing and the smoke continued to fill up our rooms. It was better when we closed our doors and windows but we still could smell the smoke. I’m glad we are being moved to another place,” she said. The fire has damaged some UCT buildings. The extent of the damage is yet to be determined as the firefighters are still of the scene. The DRMC and Fire & Rescue Service will provide updates as the situation unfolds. Media are requested to monitor the WhatsApp group for such updates.Furthermore, the public is advised that any donations should be dropped off at the Roeland Street fire station. pic.twitter.com/ImclOwnK3T  Table Mountain National Park (TMNP), which is in charge of the Table Mountain, said their initial investigation showed the fire started from a vacated vagrant fire. “One of the major contributors to the rapid rate of spread was the very old pine trees and their debris. The fire created its own wind that further increased the rate of spread. The excessive amount of smoke and related updrafts made it impossible for the aerial support to slow the rate of spread,” said TMNP in a statement. Heritage went up in flames today??. The Great IsiXhosa Dictionary as well as both Isigidimi Sabantsundu & Izimvo Zabantsundu were housed right there at Special Collections library. Just like that, it went up in smoke. Thoroughly heartbroken by this. #capetownfire pic.twitter.com/vSaMEu69lt  City of Cape Town’s Disaster Management spokeswoman Charlotte Powell said properties have been affected by fire. “For now, residents are advised to keep doors and windows closed to manage the impact of smoke caused by the fire. The city can confirm that properties have been affected, however, our focus at the moment is on active firefighting efforts and updates on affected properties will be provided when the information is available,”said Powell.