DENIS Onyango’s retirement from international football has left the number one jersey for the Uganda national team up for grabs. The Mamelodi Sundowns keeper recently called time on his international career after the Cranes failed to qualify for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). The former African Footballer of the Year and Uganda captain, who had 79 caps to his name since making his international debut in 2005 against Cape Verde, has left huge boots to fill. In a statement, Onyango insisted that it was time he allowed younger goalkeepers to compete for the number one jersey for the Cranes. Among the keepers tipped to take over from Onyango are Charles Lukwago, Mathias Kigonya and Jamal Salim. But Chippa United coach Siyabulela Gwambi reckons the Cranes should look no further than the man who was up against Onyango recently in a DStv Premiership clash, Ismail Watenga. The 25-year-old has followed in the footsteps of his compatriot Onyango by plying his trade in Mzansi, and has been tipped to be the man to take over from the Downs man in the national team. “That boy is very capable of taking the number jersey of the Uganda national team,” insisted Gwambi. “He is very experienced and has good qualities as a goalkeeper. “I can’t agree more that he is the right man to replace Onyango.” Watenga joined the Chilli Boys as a free agent last December on a 19-month contract, having left Kenyan side Sofapaka FC. He has previously been on the radar of Downs but his move to Chloorkop did not materialise and he instead joined the Gqeberha outfit. Interestingly, Watenga was brought to South Africa by Sundowns, but Chippa intercepted him when the Brazilians changed their minds about him. Watenga was initially called up to the Uganda national team as an 18-year-old by former coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic. He made his debut in a 2-1 loss to Madagascar in the Afcon qualifiers back in 2014. He was in between the sticks on Saturday when they knocked Pretoria Callies out of the Nedbank Cup to secure a final berth on 8 May. It goes without saying that he will be man to watch when they face Golden Arrows in the league on Sunday.