THE deal between author Palesa Brown and veteran actor Sello Maake Ka-Ncube, to turn her book To My Rapists, I Thank You into a theatre play, has ended in tears. Palesa, who was gang-raped by seven men in Rustenburg, North West and wrote her first book to detail her journey on how she claimed her power back after the horrific incident, said she could not sign her life away. Speaking to Daily Sun, the author said she was very disappointed. “Although some people are experts in their respective fields, they somehow lack transparency. The deal between Sello and I had to end because of that. To be honest, I feel very disrespected by him because I was always in the dark about the progress.” Palesa said she was angered when he requested to own 50% of the rights to the play and book. “I was being kept in the dark. Next thing, I got an email stating that he wanted to own 50% of everything. I could not let that happen. I could not sign away my life. This is my story and I can’t do that to myself. I then started asking questions about what warranted him so much, and I never got a response,” she said. ALSO READ | SKEEM SAAM MEETS 7DE LAAN Palesa said that last week, she was supposed to meet Sello but he didn’t pitch. “I was invited to what was supposed to be a meet-up and introduction to the crew by Sello. When I arrived, they were not there. Again I felt very disrespected. We were supposed to discuss and iron out contract issues,” she added. “I decided that if people can disrespect you like this before the project takes off, then what guaranteed me that when it was released, I would still have rights to it. I then decided to pull out,” she said. Palesa said the actor had also blocked her on social media. She said although the deal did not work out, she had hopes that one day her dreams of turning her book into a play would work out. “I am not taking this to heart. I know that one day, it will find its way to theatre. It might not be through Sello, but somehow it will.” Sello has also released a statement that he would no longer be producing the play. “Sello Maake Ka-Ncube Foundation has come to a decision to no longer continue with Palesa on her production due to the extent of the contractual obligation discussion. The foundation will continue to raise awareness and curate quality productions with the aim of curbing gender-based violence with a pending theatre production called The Voice, in collaboration with Abafazi Bengoma.” A post shared by Sello Maake kaNcube (@sellomkn) 