GATVOL residents of Mathibela in Alexandria and Oakley, near Bushbuckridge in Mpumalanga, have shut down six schools for two weeks, demanding better service delivery. They carried placards demanding running water, high mast lights, a police station, a bridge, a clinic, for the road connecting Marite and Tekamahala villages to be tarred off, and the upgrading of the donga access streets into the village. Protest leader Solomon Maile told the SunTeam the Bushbuckridge Municipality had been sending them from pillar to post over water, a bridge and the tarring of the road. “Since early 2000 all councillors and mayors, one after another, kept promising us a bridge and tarring of the road,” said Maile. “But nothing has come of it. But during the election period they come for campaigns promising the same things. “Our kids and mothers are victimised. We don’t even have a clinic. Kids are suffering when going to school as the access streets are also badly damaged to the extent that even police and ambulances can’t access our homes during emergencies. “Even during funerals, hearses move with difficulty to the bereaved families and the graveyard. We also share the water with animals, but we stay with municipal leaders here. There will be no school until our grievances are addressed.” In Cork, angry villagers blocked the busy Kruger Road adjacent to Kruger National Park using tree branches and objects, demanding for the 7km dusty road to be tarred off. Municipal acting spokesman, Claiton Khosa, said: “Firstly the road in question, including the bridge, are for the Department of Public Works. “In terms of street grading, the municipality has a programme that’s running for refilling, grading and resealing of all damaged streets, especially noting the recent rains, with priority given to access streets to schools, clinics and so on. “For the clinic please refer to the departments of Health and Public Works. However, the Oakley Clinic is complete, with finalisation being done, and the one at Marite is operational unless it’s a new clinic that’s being demanded.” Mpumalanga public works spokesman Mxolisi Dlamini said he couldn’t comment. But Mpumalanga Health spokesman Chris Nobela said: “There’s a new clinic in Oakley, and three other clinics at Marite, Thokozani and Madras. The community can access healthcare services there.”