AN interim inkosi, who leads the Qiniselani Manyuswa Traditional Council in Ezingolweni in the KZN south coast, was kidnapped at gunpoint on Monday, 19 April. According to his family, the incident happened in his home in Nkulu ward, KwaNyuswa in full view of his wife and children His son, Mqondisi Ngcobo, said on the day his dad, Makhosandile Ngcobo (60), was kidnapped five men posing as cops stormed their home. “When we rushed to investigate who the men were, they threatened to shoot us if we didn’t co-operate with them. They used cable ties to tie us before instructing us to tell them where my dad was,” said Mqondisi. He said out of shock and fear, they did as they were told. He said when they entered the house, they further tied the rest of the family members. They then took cellphones, security guards’ guns and money before they proceeded to one of the rooms where Ngcobo was. “They tied him as well and told him to get moving,” said Mqondisi. He said they suspected the people who did this were the same people who shot his dad last year. “At that time, he was followed by unknown cars for a few days until he was shot. Luckily, he survived that attack and that’s when he got security guards to safeguard him. Unfortunately, they managed to kidnap him despite the tightened security,” said Mqondisi. A witness said the kidnappers were wearing police uniform. “But following the unfolding of events, we realised that they were not policemen. There was nothing we could have done because they were all heavily armed,” said the witness. KZN Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs MEC Sipho Hlomuka appealed to the kidnappers to release Ngcobo. Hlomuka urged residents who might have information about the kidnappers to come forward. “Anyone with any information that might assist in ensuring the safe return of the interim inkosi should come forward. It will also help in the apprehension of those responsible for the kidnapping,” said Hlomuka. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said a case of kidnapping was opened at Ezinqoleni Police Station after the interim inkosi was kidnapped, allegedly by five unknown suspects who posed as police officers. “The victim was in his home at Nkulu Ward, KwaNyuswa on 19 April at 7.50pm when he was accosted by the suspects. They drove away in their getaway vehicle,” said Gwala.