SUNSPORT has reliably learnt that Mamelodi Sundowns’ senior co-coach, Manqoba Mngqithi, is leading the pack to take over the Bafana Bafana hot seat following the sacking of Molefi Ntseki. The Safa technical committee is believed to be divided over Mngqithi, Pitso Mosimane, and 68-year-old Carlos Queiroz, who has been a big favourite of the association, even before appointing Ntseki. Others in the list include AmaZulu’s Benni McCarthy, Gavin Hunt, as well as Steve Komphela and Al Ahly coach Pitso Mosimane. With Mngqithi still under the payroll of Caf president, Patrice Motsepe, it will not be difficult to win him over, as Sundowns have two more capable coaches in Komphela and Rhulani Mokwena. Motsepe must have been too embarrassed after Bafana failed to qualify for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Cameroon. The Cameroon showpiece in January 2022 will be Motsepe’s first since he was elected as Caf president in March. And SunSport has also learnt that Motsepe would like to see Bafana rebrand themselves through the 2022 Fifa World Cup qualifiers, kicking off against Zimbabwe in Harare on 8 June, before welcoming nemesis Ghana a week later. Safa’s technical committee had a meeting on Tuesday where they perused through all applications in their inbox and set up another meeting for today where they will deliberate further on the applications. But if they’re not happy with what they have before them, they will consider the headhunting route, as time is running out to make the 1 May deadline. The brief is that Safa must appoint a good experienced coach and his origin is not an issue. “With Manqoba having done well at Sundowns after Pitso, Motsepe has thrown the name of him in the hat while others in the technical committee wants Queiroz,” a reliable mole told SunSport. “As much as Motsepe has no jurisdiction or any control at Safa House, he needs to see a fully functional federation to back him on the international football stage. “Look, Bafana’s failure is seen as Motsepe’s failure, even before he gets the keys to the biggest office at the Caf’s headquarters. But what Motsepe wants, Motsepe gets.” Another source said the federation has been told to mend its ways, with Danny Jordaan (Safa president) being the advisor to Motsepe. “It looks like Safa will have to finally put its house in order, and in a long run things might turn out for the better. Reputational damage would be massive for Motsepe if things carry on like this. It cannot be business as usual,” another source said. But there is a stumbling block when it comes to salaries as the association is currently bleeding and they will need to make an appointment while considering what’s in their purse. On Wednesday, Safa chief executive, Tebogo Motlanthe, told ROBIN-DUKE MADLALA: “The technical committee will come with three names and then go head hunting and meet with those people and check who is available. The CVs were many, but at the end the committee will decide having spent the whole day on Wednesday.”