GIVE me a full pre-season with AmaZulu and you’ll see how strong the club will be next season, warned coach Benni McCarthy. McCarthy says his side will challenge for the DStv Premiership title next season because he will have planned properly at the beginning of the season. The former Bafana Bafana striker who took over Usuthu last December said had he joined the club at the beginning of the season things would have been different. And current leaders and defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns would have felt their presence this season. Usuthu drew 0-0 with Sundowns at Jonsson Kings Park in a league match where both teams matched each other technically. Since McCarthy’s arrival, he has picked up more points (35) more than any other side in the league. McCarthy’s side are the only club to have won six league matches on the bounce. They are now unbeaten in 13 games, another club record in the PSL, lying third on the table with 41 points from 23 games, level with second placed Golden Arrows, and six behind leaders  Sundowns. McCarthy says other teams better watch out next season. “We are making good progress and remember I never had a pre-season with this team to instil the mindset and the mentality. I didn’t have the chance to do work with them from the first day of the season,” said McCarthy. “I got them quarter way through the season and I had to quickly turn things around and change everything. As much as we are getting closer, I would still love to have a full pre-season to become a more technically sound team like Sundowns who are well-oiled machine because they have been together for so long. “It might not be this season, but next season we will definitely get closer to Sundowns than what we are at the moment.” McCarthy admitted that having played two games more than Sundowns and six points behind, this season’s title is beyond them. “Sundowns are in a better position, they are six points ahead of us and they have got two games in hand. They win those two games, the situation escalates more,” said McCarthy. “I joined the race (late) and now I’m trying to finish it but I’m preparing myself for next season where we can have the same start as everyone else and that is when I want to compete. “That would be probably fair for everyone to say, you start on the same line as everyone else and maybe you should know how far you can go.” 