IN a testimony that sounded like a movie script, former finance minister Malusi Gigaba’s estranged wife Norma Mngoma detailed how he blessed her cash, a BMW and other gifts from the Guptas. Her much-awaited evidence at the Zondo Commission on Monday, 26 April, lived up to expectations as she pulled no punches. She said she came to know about the Guptas after she asked her husband about his late night meetings, which gave him little time to spend with his newborn son. “He said they were his advisers. He said they were advising him about work and things they were supposed to do,” said Norma. She said on many occasions, Malusi informed her the Guptas knew who would be moved from and appointed to state-owned enterprises and government departments. Norma said over the years, Malusi received cash, gifts and benefits from the Guptas. She even detailed the bags in which he collected the money, one of them a leather tog bag. “A few months before he took office as minister of the Department of Public Enterprises, Ajay Gupta gave Malusi a white BMW. “Ajay handed over the BMW to Malusi in my presence at the Sahara offices in Midrand.” Norma said Malusi then gave it to her to use as her private car. She said she did not know what happened to it after it was apparently taken to a mechanic to fix the lights. She told Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that she paid all their wedding expenses in cash she received from Malusi, estimated to be between R4 million and R5 million. The couple met in 2009 when Malusi was deputy minister of Home Affairs. Norma said when the Guptas heard she had given birth, they wanted to see her son. She said she hesitated to take him to their compound in Saxonwold, but Malusi said it was fine. The Guptas then gave their son a gold necklace as a gift. Norma was initially scheduled to testify earlier this month but withdrew, raising concerns about how investigators structured some paragraphs in her affidavit. She claimed her passport and those of her children disappeared when she wanted to give them to the commission to prove their overseas trips, which were organised by the Guptas. Norma raised concerns about her safety as she received threatening messages and calls. Meanwhile, former minerals minister Mosebenzi Zwane told the commission he was not friends with the Guptas. He said he met them when they came to Free State in 2009 to meet ANC Provincial Executive Committee to present their idea of starting their newspaper The New Age. Zwane was treasurer of ANC Free State at the time. About allegations that he helped the Guptas acquire Optimum Coal Mine from Glencore, he said this was not true.