MANY people celebrated the resurrection of Jesus Christ on Sunday while others visited dead loved ones’ graves. Gravesites were filled with people who’d gone to clean their dead relatives’ graves, while others performed rituals. But other people saw this as a business opportunity. Patrick Mnisi (54) from B3 in Mamelodi West, Tshwane, used the Easter holidays as an opportunity to sell flowers and crosses at the gate of B3 Cemetery in Mamelodi.  According to Patrick, for the past five years he’s been selling at the gravesite except last year because of Covid-19. “I started this business to help people get flowers and crosses nearby so they can acknowledge their deceased loved ones and to mark the graves so they can spot them easily the next time they visit,” he said. Patrick makes the crosses at home and buys flowers to sell to people visiting the graves. “I respect the dead and want to help people celebrate them through flowers and crosses as that gives me joy,” he said. He said making the dead smile in their graves makes him happy and it’s very close to his heart. Marry Moloko (53) visited the grave of her mother Silvia Mashele, who was buried on 9 February 2019, and her grandfather Boy Makate who died in 1959. She said this was an important day to visit her ancestors and meet them in a spiritual way. She said even though she can’t see them, she still has contact with them spiritually. “We do talk to them even though we can’t see them. My mother was my everything. She had love and loved joking a lot,” she said. Traditional healer Rida “Zwangendaba waka Hlatswayo” Maluleke (58) and sister Jabulani Maluleke (63) visited their aunt Thabitha Ngobeni who died in 1994 and their daughter Antonett Maluleke who died in 2013.  “We came to perform rituals and to do a remembrance. It’s important to remember those who’ve died, especially around this time,” she said. She said their spirits exist and they help them a lot, especially at night as they come in the form of dreams to warn them of bad things and reveal good things.  