THE bail application of a 14-year-old pupil from Mbilwi Secondary School in Sibasa accused of assaulting Lufuno Mavhunga (15) was postponed to Thursday, 22 April at the Thohoyandou Children’s Court. The teenager was arrested last week after she was seen repeatedly slapping Lufuno in a video that went viral on social media. The incident is believed to have been the cause of Lufuno’s death. The grade 10 pupil was found unconscious by her mother after she took an overdose of pills. She was rushed to Siloam Hospital, where she was certified dead. Lufuno was laid to rest on Saturday, 17 April in Nzhelele. NPA spokeswoman in Limpopo Mashu Malabi-Dzangi said the matter could not continue in court at the stage because it should be heard by a neutral chair to ensure the power balance between the interest of the State and of the child as well. “The previous magistrate knows the facts of the preliminary inquiry and the case has been rolled over to Thursday in order to have a new presiding officer, while the suspect is still kept at the youth centre,” said Malabi-Dzangi. The teen’s lawyer, Kagiso Muthivhithivhi, said the 14-year-old girl was not coping at all while kept in custody. “The child has been removed from her mother and she’s not doing well, hence we believe this matter shouldn’t have been postponed. Unfortunately, we were overruled during arguments in court,” said Muthivhithivhi. Two other pupils who filmed the assault have been identified, while three more girls who are seen in the video insinuating violence will soon face the music. The two girls were served with letters of suspension and will report back at the school after seven days. That’s after Limpopo Education MEC Polly Boshielo and MEC for Social Development Nkakareng Rakgoale visited the school on Thursday, 15 April, to meet the school management, SGB and other concerned organisations. Meanwhile, one of Limpopo’s organisations active in fighting for the rights of defenceless people, Defence of the People, vowed to support Lufuno’s family until the end. The chairman of the organisation, Elelwani Matshavha, spoke outside Thohoyandou Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 20 March. He said: “We are here to give support to the Mavhunga family. We believe that pupils learn the bullying behaviour from their homes. We urge parents to teach children good morals.”