ORLANDO Pirates youngster Thabiso Sesane is destined for the top if the early signs and the hype around him in the beginning stages of his career are anything to go by. The 20-year-old defender impressed for the Buccaneers in his first start and was named Man of the Match in their 2-0 win over Maritzburg United in a DStv Premiership clash on Sunday. Sesane seamlessly fitted into the team after he was entrusted with the responsibility of filling the void left by captain Happy Jele and vice-captain Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo. Sesane has been part of the Pirates first team since the start of the 2020-21 season, following his promotion from the junior ranks, alongside another impressive youngster in Azola Tshobeni.Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer has gradually introduced the young duo this season as he looks to nurture them for the future. Sesane, also known as “Pepe”, has played five matches this season with two in the league, two in the Caf Confederation Cup and one in the Nedbank Cup. Zinnbauer has been impressed by how the young defender has acquitted himself well in the matches he has been given a chance to play in. “We have been very happy with him,” said Zinnbauer. “He has been getting minutes in the Confederation Cup and the Nedbank Cup. I was delighted with how he went about things in his first start. You can see he’s very calm on the ball. He can take high pressure from a team like Maritzburg that is not easy to play against. Pepe never looked out of place and it’s also thanks to his teammates.” Zinnbauer is not the only one in the Bucs camp who has been waxing lyrical about Sesane, with teammate Linda Mntambo also heaping praise on the youngster. Mntambo gave credit to the experienced Jele and Hlatshwayo for their role in guiding Sesane and showing him the ropes in training. “He played like a seasoned campaigner,” said Mntambo. “We have to give thanks to the technical team for putting faith in him in a game where we needed to win.” Sesane will be hoping to get another chance to shine when Bucs face ES Setif in a Caf Confederation Cup clash at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (3pm).