It’s one of the most exciting times in the South
African calendar long weekends galore. And extra holiday time means more time to travel,
explore Mzansi, and visit family and friends. No matter your
plans, if you’re travelling by car, it is essential to get your vehicle road
trip ready to avoid a breakdown. Before you
shift into gear, do this four-step check on your vehicle.   Clean
car inside and out A regular wash and clean can prevent dirt and bacteria
build-up and keep the car smelling fresh and clean. A clean exterior can also
reduce the glare from other vehicles on the road and improve your visibility,
especially when driving at night.1 Lights,
engine, tyre check A lights, engine and tyre check is crucial not only
for your car’s maintenance but also for your safety on the road. Check the
headlights, indicators and hazards. When you fill-up, ask the petrol attendants
to check the car's oil and water levels and tyre pressure. And don’t forget
your spare wheel.  Don’t
carry a heavy load  Your car may be spacious, but there's a limit to how
much weight it can drive around. Check your car's manual, or get the
information from your driver's door, and make sure not to overload the vehicle.
Overloading can affect your car performance and make overtaking or steering
challenging.  Battery
check Every road trip should start with a visit to the
trusted battery specialists. They will test the battery’s condition and give an
accurate report on the battery’s health.  With the pre-road trip check complete, don’t forget
post-road trip maintenance of your car. It is equally important. After covering
the long-distance, driving wear and tear, your car needs TLC even after you’ve
parked it. Here are the five important checks. Check
the interior and clean up  Always clean up spills to prevent them from settling
in the material and causing bad odours. Clean dirt and remove unnecessary items
that can add to the car's weight. This will help fuel consumption. Get the car
washed, the dirt picked up on the drive isn't good for the body paint.  Check
tyre treads  Check your tyres again. Driving causes wear and tear,
and South African law states that the tyre tread should be at least 1mm for
them to perform effectively.  Brake
test  With all the driving and stopping during your road
trip, there's no better time to check the car's brakes. A squeaking sound is
usually the first sign that the brake pads need to be replaced.  Monitor
the dashboard  Check for warning lights. You can avoid hefty repair
costs by maintaining your vehicle and making sure everything is working
properly.  Get
your battery tested  Sluggish starts, corrosion on battery terminals, and
even a swollen battery aren’t good for your car. Always get yours tested with
the trusted battery specialists. 