FRUSTRATION is mounting at Kaizer Chiefs due to their inability to keep clean sheets! Amakhosi dropped another two points when they drew 1-1 with Baroka FC in their DStv Premiership fixture played at Peter Mokaba Stadium last Thursday. The Chiefs defence has conceded more goals than they have scored this season – they let in 24 goals and managed to score just 22. Defender Daniel Cardoso said he takes ownership of the way in which they have been leaking goals. “As a player individually, it has not been the best season as you can see we have been leaking way too many goals,” he said. “I know this is a team sport, but you need to lead from the back sometimes. “I think I have lacked that a bit this season, but I will get back to that form. I do think I have a lot more to give the team.” Today Amakhosi host unpredictable Cape Town City in a league match at FNB Stadium (5pm). Cardoso said they are aware that the Citizens will not be an easy nut to crack, but they need to climb up the standings. The Glamour Boys are ninth on the log with 25 points from 21 matches. They are five points behind City, who are in seventh spot. Cardoso said: “The draw last week (against Baroka) caught us a bit, but our heads are back up. Today we have another difficult side whom we overcame 2-1 in Cape Town, but it is our home game. We need to collect three points. “Our standing on the log is not the best, but the three points will help us. We have to start climbing up the league table. We’ve been doing well in the Caf Champions League, but in the league we are struggling.” Dumsani Zuma, who spent most of the time on the sidelines due to injuries, said it’s good to be back. Zuma, who was introduced as a substitute when Chiefs held Horoya to a 2-2 draw to qualify for the Champions League quarter-finals, believes that match helped him to regain his confidence. Zuma said: “I have recovered from injuries. I am just lacking match fitness.” On the match against the Citizens, he echoed Cardoso’s sentiments that they will have to up their game and win this tricky encounter. He added: “As players we know the situation we are in. Each and every match we play now is a must-win for us.”