TV personality Minnie Dlamini-Jones has shared her beauty tips, advertising dermal health skincare products for free. Her Instagram post was accompanied by a no-make-up photo, showing her glowing and spotless face. She wrote: “Morning fam, I was going through my pics from Saturday scrolling though my full glam face and hair, and I wanted to share with you how great my bare skin has been since using @dermal_health. “My dark circles under my eyes are almost gone and my skin feels great. The online assessment is in my bio, let me know how it works out for you. The serums are amazing and the tinted moisturiser is the best for those make-up free days. It’s not my brand, no paid partnership, it just really worked for me.” ALSO READ | NEW BOOK ABOUT CASTER SEMENYA In a follow-up post, she said: “I love that it’s medicated, so you know it works.” Her followers could not agree more. Winnie Bothma testified she was using the products and they were doing a good job. “I use it dear and it’s an amazing product,” she said. Other Instagram users thanked Minnie for sharing her beauty tips and promised to try the products. Nomndayi wrote: “Thanks for the plug. I’ve tried almost everything for dark circles. I will definitely try it.” Bcr8tion Events said she will also give it a try: “You are beautiful. Let me get it for my black circle around my eyes.” Boity Dalasile said she was struggling with pigmentation and had tried many products, but nothing worked. “I wanna try this one,” she said. Fans complimented Minnie on her skin. Hlengiwe Mpungose wrote: “You look beautiful and your skin looks fresh.” Aviwe Ngcoya said: “Your skin was the first thing I noticed.... So so beautiful.” A post shared by Minnie (@minniedlamini)  Minnie said: “I discovered this product during my pregnancy and I have not looked back. My hormones were all over the place (still are) and I knew this would affect my skin (my money maker). Covid hit and I couldn’t get my bi-weekly peels and facials (panic mode). A friend suggested @dermal_health products, the best part was I could do the skin assessment online (5mins), then my recommended products would come up, I place the order and boom, on my doorstep.” Minnie launched her own MD range of skincare products in 2019.