THE reason I respect Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) is the way they proactively dealt with the attempted Luc Eymael mess, and backtracked before things turned ugly. Information that yours truly gathered is that the Belgian, much as he hasn’t been found guilty by any court of law following his racial utterance in Tanzanian, flew down to South Africa knowing fully well that he is unwanted. In fact, it’s alleged that he was promised a job by TTM, something the club vehemently denied. But it was safe for the club to backtrack if indeed they intended luring him to Mzansi. Now, Siviwe “Chippa” Mpengesi thought he’s hit the jackpot and will benefit from Tshakhuma’s loss. But who has the last laugh? South Africans, indeed. Make no mistake, Eymael’s deportation by Chippa was a political decision, and no court of law made any pronouncement that he isn’t wanted in South Africa, not even Fifa. But I can bet my “two bob” that he wasn’t going to get a work permit in this neck of the woods. Rather than admit they had bowed to political pressure, Mpengesi used political jargon that made no sense – until they decided “not to continue with Eymael’s appointment”. Mpengesi said in a statement: “It is clear that Eymael himself requires further time to clear his name. “As the club, we maintain our stance against racism of any form, and wish to make it clear that our intended appointment of Eymael would not have happened had the allegations against him been validated in any form.” Yeah right, talk about contradiction! Clearly, Mpengesi didn’t do his “due diligence” – research to avoid committing an offence. Now, the club owner has shown that he’s worse than anyone could have ever thought – a non-thinker. At least, politicians drilled some sense into him as what he had done by appointing Eymael was tantamount to treason. A massive 1 634-word statement from the club was nothing but an attack on individual members of the media who are doing their job at interrogating burning issues and holding people accountable. Character assassination leads to nowhere and fighting individual battles through media statements will not win Chippa the battle. Debate the issues at hand. Mpengesi needs to navigate his way out of this mess and dig himself out of the relegation hole his team finds itself in.