SOCIETY needs to join hands and work together to support people suffering from mental illnesses. This was said by City of Joburg council speaker Nonceba Molwele while visiting gogo Jostina Sangweni’s family. She said women suffered from mental illness because of their caring nature. “Keeping a home together is no child’s play,” said Molwele. She expressed pain and disappointment at the brutal act carried out by the young suspects who allegedly killed Jostina. Molwele said her own gogo had dementia, but they didn’t know it. “She would pack her clothes in plastic bags and leave. We had to lock the gates so she couldn’t escape. “Mental illness affects all age groups. It requires support from family and friends.” She said this act of cruelty has touched the nation. Molwele said the law needed to serve the family by giving the perpetrators a harsh sentence. “I say to the family that they must forgive so they can heal. God will lift them up and fight for them.” Selfina Mulaudzi from the City of Joburg said they have come to share the pain of the family. “Day by day, the family should take the time to find healing. We need to find solace in the Lord, remembering He has a plan for each one of us,” she said. “Not all people deal with problems the same way. Some people can’t cope with life problems and fall into a deep hole and struggle to pull themselves out. We need to teach people about mental illness.” Jostina’s son-in-law Jabu Moagi said they had lost a pillar of strength. “It won’t do us any good to resort to violence. We even begged our community not to go anywhere near that house in Mapetla to seek revenge. Mama was a peaceful person,” he said. “We need to educate people about mental illness.” Jostina was brutally beaten and burnt in March after she was found in someone’s yard in Mapetla. The video filmed by the perpetrators trended on social media. On Friday, two suspects were arrested for her murder and appeared in the Protea Magistrates Court on Monday. They were denied bail.