There are new developments at Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandzila (TTM) with George Lebese having signed a short term contract with the club until end of the current PSL season. SunSport understands Kerr, who quit his job via text message even though he had no official contract, will meet with chairman Abram Sello, either this Friday or Saturday to express his apologies. "The reason why Kerr refused to sign the contract is because he was not happy with many clauses there. And when he spoke to the club to amend certain points on his contract, then the club gave him that 'do or leave it' response. This is why he also used his pride. But I understand that the club have met him half way and he might end up signing this weekend. "In fact, the other reason that the club thought they could do without Kerr's experience was the caretaker coaches who bad mouthed him at management. Obviously the guys are ambitious and they reckon they can do it alone. Nothing wrong with dreaming big, but they must accept help from Kerr." Meanwhile, SunSport understands that Lebese met with the club's management on Wednesday afternoon, backed by his agent, where they agreed on terms of his contract. This is following the sacking of Rhulani Manzini on Wednesday after being found guilty by the club's DC, following his fist fight with Alfred Ndengane, which saw the latter hospitalised for stitches. The 32-year-old Lebese from Mamelodi, in Pretoria, was a free agent after his contract was not renewed by US club Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC, where he made 16 starts and scored two goals. Lebese was stuck in the country due to Covid-19 restriction against South Africa which saw his term with the club terminated. TTM Liaison Manager, Rufus Matsena, wasn't available to confirm. TTM are off this weekend in the DStv Premiership and will be back in action on Tuesday when they face high flying Mamelodi Sundowns at home, Peter Mokaba Stadium. They are currently placed on a very dangerous position, 15th, with 16 points from 19 matches, three more than provincial rivals Black Leopards who are languishing at the foot of the table with 14 from the same number of matches played.