MAMELODI Sundowns co-coach Rhulani Mokwena says that as a technical team, they blame their 2-0 defeat by Algerian side CR Belouizdad in a Caf Champions League final group match. Sundowns‚ who had already qualified for the quarterfinals‚ saw their 28-match unbeaten run in all competitions coming to an end. On Friday afternoon, the result dented their four-year unbeaten run in the Champions League at Loftus and the Lucas Moripe Stadium.“We are disappointed with the results, with the performance, just the overall, impression particularly in the first half.” Mokwena aid after the match. “Disappointed with the elementary mistakes that we committed for the two goals because apart from that to be honest. The performance was not our usual performance. It was a very disappointing afternoon.” Sundowns rested some of their senior players such as Themba Zwane, Denis Onyango, Mosa Lebusa, Gaston Sirino, who have played almost every match this season. Mokwena said they could not blame the players as they came to the match to win. He inserted: “The players at Mamelodi Sundowns always try their best to win football matches. At times it is not always about effort is t about the desire, the commitment. “You cannot question the quality of our players, we have Ricardo Goss Bafana Bafana goalkeeper, Ricardo Nascimento a Brazilian import, Modiba extensive experience, Thapelo, Kekana you can go on.” He further said that they take the blame for the defeat. “As a technical team we are accountable for the performances at sometimes it is not about the desire, the quality. At times we have to be accountable we put them in the line-up, they went into the game with a clear desire to win. We just made a lot of elementary mistakes and they punished us,” Mokwena said. “We could not just keep it simple in relation to our positioning, movement but after a long lay off Brian (Onyango) gets some minutes, the young one Promise (Mkhuma) comes in and shows the capacity to be brave tries to pull the team. But we shield the players at this moment we take the responsibility.” From their Group B, Sundowns and Belouizdad qualified for the quarterfinals of the tournament. Downs finished at the top of the group with 13 points.