REIGNING Miss South Africa Shudufhadzo Musida recently found herself in the firing line. The beauty queen shared that one day she hoped to be president. In a tweet, she wrote: “I want to be president.” Shortly after putting her dreams out to the universe, the Limpopo-born hopeful was told she was asking for too much. Although some pledged their support should she decide to venture into politics, the majority of social media users said she should rather stay in her lane as they’d never seen a president that posed in bikinis. Defending Shudu’s ambitions, Michael Bucwa urged her to shy away from people who try to belittle her. ALSO READ | LISTENERS GATVOL AT UKHOZI FM! “Small people always do that. But the great will make you feel that you too can become great. I believe you can become great. Believe in yourself and stay true to your dreams,” he said. Lethabo said: “I honestly don’t know why people are dragging her, especially women. In a country full of gender-based violence and all, you still want to drag our sister who can somehow bring change. I honestly don’t think her dream is far-fetched.” Paris Feller was supportive: “It would be interesting to hear some of your views and proposed solutions to our current problems. Your academic background, journey as Miss SA and the fact that you’re a young, black woman will surely give you a different perspective, which is exactly what we need at the moment.” Justin Phiri commented: “I don’t blame you all for hating ’cos you come from societies where women are not allowed to dream this big. But change bandla. Nibadala manje! Miss SA is allowed to become whoever she wishes to be.” Another user, Rakgadi, said she should go for it: “After all the vile comments I want Shudu, now more than ever, to see this through and make you eat dust. Shudu, go for it babe. Nothing is impossible.” The Miss SA organisation also commented: “We believe that the ability to succeed in the face of adversity, while staying true to ideals and principles of a better society, gives birth to greatness. “We believe that when women face their power and embrace their future, they can take on any position and succeed! #YourDreamsAreValid. “We all have dreams within us. May we take courage today to pursue them and take up space! Comment down below and share with us some of your dreams.” But that led to one Tweep pointing out how Shudu was not well-represented on the organisation’s social media platforms. “The Miss SA team can’t even promote Shudu on their Twitter profile. She is represented by drawings.” Some went as far as saying should it have been Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi who said she wanted to be president, people would have reacted differently. “Had this been tweeted by Zozi, I don’t think the response would be the same. Y’all seem pressed about something, so much animosity.”