A VIDEO showing the Ekurhuleni Metro police destroying a barricade at the tavern left many people shocked. People saw the police’s actions as disrespectful to black business. But Ekurhuleni Metro police spokesman Kobeli Mokheseng has cleared the air. He said the officers did not just wake up and decide that they were demolishing the tavern. Speaking to Daily Sun, Kobeli said last month they received a complaint from Vooslorus residents complaining about the three taverns near spar Supermarket that were making their lives a living hell. “The residents marched and came to the office to hand over their memorandum of grievances,” he said. He said among the complaints, residents said the three tavern in Moagi street made a lot of noise. “They said when the boozers were drank, they pee anywhere which makes the nearby yards to stink.” He said the residents also complained that they couldn’t use the walkway as it was extended to be used as part of the taverns. The residents were complaining that they had to walk on the road, which endangered their lives. Kobeli said they visited the three taverns late last month and spoke to the owners nicely, asking them to remove the barricades and lower the noise as it was distracting nearby people. “Two tavern owners complied and this one did not,” he said. He said they received a complaint from the residents again that one tavern was still not complying. “We visited him on 15 April to give him a second warning. We asked that he remove the barricade and lower the noise, but still he did not.” He said Monday 26 April, the officers went to the tavern and found that it was still not complying and they had to help him comply. They assisted him remove the barricades to make way for people. Residents told Daily Sun they were happy the police took action. “We were tired. I’m one person who gets distracted by the noise there. The don’t care what day it is. They just want full sound,” said resident Khulekani Mzobe. He said he tried to sleep on a Monday night but the music was on full blast. “I have to wake up and go to work the next day. At work, I’m always tired because I couldn’t sleep. I applaud the police for what they did.” Another resident, Mandla Dlamini said: “My child was nearly knocked down by a car while passing by the tavern.” He said she couldn’t walk on the walkway and opted for walking on the road. “One drunkard was speeding and nearly hit her. We want this area cleared. We also want the noise lowered. They must be happy that we involved the police. We didn’t want to take the law into our own hands because that could have been uglier than what the police did.” Kobeli lambasted people who are trying to politicise the cops’ action and said they’re against black business’ growth. “We want people to have business and succeed in life, but they must follow the law as they do that,” he said. He said anyone who wants to start a business can go to their customer care centres and ask about what they can and can not do. Attempts to get comment from the tavern owner were fruitless.