MZANSI Magic is growing its content. The much-loved channel has announced a new show called Pastor Needs a Wife. According to the channel the reality show, which will see two single pastors put their faith in their churches and their families to help them find a wife, will expose viewers to church and family dynamics when a pastor seeks to find the love of his life. The show will see family members, friends and senior church pastors meeting six potential wives-to-be in a series of dates as they gauge how compatible they are with the bachelor pastor. Then they’ll eventually help him choose a beautiful bride with whom he’ll one day exchange wedding vows. Speaking to Daily Sun, director of local entertainment channels at M-Net Nomsa Philiso said the show will keep viewers at the edge of their seats. “Viewers should look forward to an intriguing show that will explore family and church dynamics that come with a pastor looking for love outside of his church in a reality TV show that will be both entertaining, emotive and informative,” she said. “Our reality TV content slate has over time kept consumers on the edge of their seats due to its talkability and relevance, and without doubt Pastor Wants a Wife will be a hit show, especially to our spiritual viewers.” ALSO READ | DR TUMI AND WIFE RELEASED ON BAIL According to the channel, in the 13 episodes Apostle Aaron Zion Khunou and Pastor Lincoln Fero will be introduced to the viewers in the first episode before taking a back seat as viewers meet six potential wife candidates for each of the two pastors. The much anticipated show was created and produced by Connect TV, the same company that brought Our Perfect Wedding and Date My Family. Speaking to Daily Sun, co-owner of Connect TV Basetsana Kumalo said: “We believe in a story of love, and through this new show we hope viewers will get a front-row seat to family and church dynamics when a pastor sets on a journey to find love. “We’ve also lined up great potential wives who viewers will find themselves falling in love with every step of the way.” Watch Pastor Needs a Wife on Mzansi Magic DStv channel 161 every Thursday from April 8 at 8pm.