MOURNERS had gathered to pay their last respect when the late lensman Sam Nzima’s brother, Phillip Nzima (91), was finally laid to rest on Saturday, 10 April. Phillip, who was a respected businessman and a bishop affectionetly known as “Ubaba Mahamba Hleka” because of his generous heart, was buried in Kildare cemetery outside Lillydale near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga.  His brother Sam Speaking at the funeral, Sam’s daughter Bongiwe Nzima- Duma said her uncle was admitted to Sabie Hospital and tested positive for Covid-19. She said he completed his isolation days there, but he died of pneumonia on Sunday. Ubaba Mahamba Hleka’s grandson Amukelani Gazide (28) said his mkhulu was his hero and pillar of strength. His eldest son Jabu Nzima said: “Our dad played the roles of both mother and father after the death of our mum in 1977. As your children we are happy that you have been a good father. You don’t owe us anything, instead we owe you a lot.” Reverend Caleb Khoza of Emanuel Assembly Church said: “Today, we are sending off a star. He deserves to be honoured. May his soul rest in peace.” Basic Education deputy minister Dr Reginah Mhaule said: “Mkhulu adopted many kids. So we are speaking today on behalf of those children. He was a loving and caring dad. He taught us to respect and always pray and fear God. We are what we are today because of him. So we thank him.” Justice and Correctional Services Minister Ronald Lamola said the ANC was grieving with the Nzimas.  “He was a community builder and a very upright person. He was very excited to see us participating in ANC activities as young people. He would lecture us about ANC leaders such as John Dube, Oliver Tambo and uTata Madiba. He asked us to restore the ANC dignity and its legacy.” Nzima’s late brother Sam took the world famous picture of the dying Hector Pieterson during the Soweto uprising on 16 June 1976. In November last year, Sam was honoured with the Posthumous Doctorate Degree by TUT. He died on 12 May in 2018. 