KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt has watched his side take one step forward and two steps back on too many occasions this season. The Glamour Boys have struggled to build momentum, constantly shooting themselves in the foot whenever they seem to be back on track. They are once again looking to get things back to shape, especially on the domestic front where the going has been tough. Their push for a top-eight finish was dented by a 2-2 draw against Stellenbosch FC at FNB Stadium on Tuesday. Hunt’s charges had to show some character to come from behind twice in the match to salvage a point and avoid a seventh defeat of the season. The 56-year-old former Bidvest Wits mentor was left with a bitter taste in his mouth again as he witnessed his side flirt with defeat. “We keep making bad errors in the same areas of the pitch. It’s just one of those things. “We should control games better. We have to be much better defensively and not concede the type of goals we are conceding,” said a frustrated Hunt. “It was good that we showed character but we have to be better. Again, we take everything into consideration, where we were and where we want to go now.” Amakhosi, on the bright side, are unbeaten in their last six matches in all competitions with their last loss being the 4-0 thumping at the hands of Wydad Athletic Club in the Champions League. They are turning their attention on continental football when they face Horoya Athletic Club in a crunch final group match at General Lansana Conté Stadium on Saturday (9pm). Chiefs are looking to make history and qualify for the quarter-finals of the Champions League for the first time. Hunt will be without star striker Samir Nurkovic and goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi but is delighted to on Khama Billiat and Leonardo Castro. Chiefs need a draw or win over Horoya. “We did not have too much quality on the bench but at least now we can bring something from the bench. I wanted to give them a little bit longer against Stellenbosch but they could only get 20 or so minutes. They have to be ready for Saturday.”