Bloemfontein Celtic will look to snap their winless run in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season when they host TS Galaxy at Dr Molemela Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3pm CAT (SA, GMT+2).Celtic have gone five league matches without a win after they were held 1-1 at Baroka FC on 20 March, a match which featured a goal from Victor Letsoalo and a red card for defender Justice Chabalala.Phunya Sele Sele have claimed 17 points from 10 home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 1-1 draw with Maritzburg United in early March."Look, we are expecting a very difficult game against TS Galaxy," said Bloemfontein Celtic head coach John Maduka. "They have been doing well since coach Owen [da Gama] took over so we know it won't be an easy game.""It has been very difficult for us to win games away from home this season so whenever we play at home we need to make sure that we do well and get the points that we need.""The international break gave us an opportunity to fix our mistakes, to make sure we don't make the same errors going forward. We are hoping come Sunday that we will get the points that we need."Galaxy saw their unbeaten run ended at eight league matches when they were beaten 2-0 at home by Maritzburg United on 20 March, a sixth defeat of their campaign.The Rockets have claimed 12 points from 10 away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 0-0 draw at SuperSport United in early March."We needed a break because we've been playing back-to-back games. I think we've done exceptionally well going into the break," said Galaxy forward Mxolisi Macuphu."It will be difficult coming back from the loss but it is all about mentality. Against Maritzburg United, we never put ourselves in a position of achieving a result. We want to come back strong.""We have four games in April and I believe it is possible to go for nine points. The mentality of the boys has been phenomenal moving from 16th position on the log to position number eight. That is an achievement. We have to appreciate those small achievements. That is what makes the team succeed."In head-to-head stats, Celtic and Galaxy have met in just one previous top-flight league match. That encounter took place earlier this season, with the Rockets winning 1-0 at the Mbombela Stadium in February thanks to a goal from Lindokuhle Mbatha. -SuperSport