Police killings have become endemic in Mzansi. Section 205 (3) of the Constitution states that it’s the duty of the South African Police Service to prevent, combat and investigate crime, uphold and enforce the law, maintain public order, and to protect and secure the inhabitants of the Republic of South Africa. Fulfilling this mandate unfortunately subjects the men and women in blue to a risky work environment. They face dangerous situations as well as armed thugs in order to serve and protect the citizens of this country. Policing can’t be compared to any other vocation. Dedicated police members are aware of the risk involved yet remain committed to the cause of serving and protecting others. They die at the hands of criminals who form part of the communities they serve with pride and dedication. The selfless patriotism these heroes and heroines display can never be overemphasised. At the SAPS’ Commemoration Day event, held annually in September, we honored 39 members and one reservist who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty during the 2019/2020 financial year. Therefore, police killings should be strongly condemned. Police pursue those who commit heinous crimes. We call on all communities to support us and unite in working together to bring this scourge to an end and to foster a general culture where everyone appreciates, values and protects our men and women in blue. At least support is provided to deceased members and their families. The SAPS’s Education Trust is a non-profit organisation and is funded by gifts, donations and sponsorships from private persons, firms, companies as well as employee and employer contributions. The resolve to equip SAPS’s members with the necessary skills to ensure their safety, will contribute to the fight against crime. Throughout September, which has been declared National Police Safety Month, intensive awareness campaigns will continue to increase safety awareness among our members to highlight measures to reduce attacks, vehicle accidents and the murder of our police officials. During 2018/2019 the Police Safety Strategy was reviewed as outlined in the Turnaround Strategy of the SAPS and aims at implementing proactive preventative and reactive measures to ensure the safety of all SAPS’s employees. The SAPS is enhancing the skills of its members through training in support of the Police Safety Strategy, with the aim of minimising attacks on and the death of police members. Community members also have a pivotal role to play in the fight against police murders, attacks and criminal activities in general. The attacks on and unnatural death of employees of the South African Police Service, on or off duty, is an attack on the authority of the state and a threat to the stability of the country.