Singer and songwriter Ayanda Jiya has released a new song, Love Me. This is a new high for the talented singer, who gained prominence when she released her hit song, Go Girl. Speaking to SunBuzz, Ayanda said: “The song was inspired by the misconception of what love really is. I think in our society love has been misinterpreted. “I believe love is in the simplest of actions. Love is beyond how one makes you feel. It’s a choice, a decision.” Ayanda, who’s broken records through her music, said working on the song was exciting. “You never really know what the message is until you’re done. I hope this song will inspire people to begin to respect the power of love and use it wisely. We need to understand what loving someone really means,” said Ayanda. She said working with Kwesta was a beautiful experience. “His contribution to the song was sincere and poetic. I experienced a softer side of him in this song. He was exceptional.” Although the song is about love, she said, it’s dedicated to someone special. “I’m a sucker for love. I love everything about love. I live to spread the message of love. Love is what we really need in this world. You have to feel love and I think this is my way to make you feel it.” Ayanda, who’s set to drop a new album next month, said people should expect the unexpected. “This project is a celebration of my contribution to hip hop and R&B. I haven’t really appreciated my consistency in this industry, “Being a black woman, doing it independently, that has to be something to be grateful for. I’ve grown so much, I’m truly enjoying the changes I’m a lot stronger and that’s something to expect in this new body of work.” She said the quality and sound in her album definitely set it apart. “Releasing quality music has always been a priority. My music is intentional, so everything must be just right,” she said. Ayanda also shared with SunBuzz that her journey has been good. “I’ve learnt and achieved so much. What I’m grateful for the most is never giving up. I’ve learned that building a legacy takes time. I’m yet to see what else is in store for me.”