SWALLOWS FC coach Brandon Truter reckons his side are victims of their own success. The Dube Birds’ sizzling hot form at the beginning of the season created huge expectations for Truter’s side. They started the season like a house on fire, going the entire first round without a single loss.At some point, the Soweto outfit were challenging for the title looking to give leaders Mamelodi Sundowns a run for their money. However, they have recently fallen off the pace and are finding the second round tougher. They have played a total of 12 draws so far this season, the most by any team in the DStv Premiership. This has seen them fall down the Premiership table where they currently occupy sixth spot with 33 points from 20 matches. Truter insists his side were never going to win the league, especially in their first season back in the top-flight. The Cape Town-born mentor has instead chosen to look at the positives, one of them being their survival in the league having collected enough points already to avoid relegation regardless of how the remainder of their season goes. “We are one of seven or so teams that can start planning for next season and not think about relegation,” said Truter. “I think that’s a good thing for us. As a new team, we got ahead of ourselves with the start that we had. “We all of a sudden thought that we could win things and challenge for the league. But we are a new team. “We need to take this as a good base to build on next season. When I spoke earlier in the season, I said we would win the league within the next three years. “But we got ahead of ourselves. That is why all the draws now feel like losses and a bit of a dip. “We have to understand that there’s nothing to compare it to, we can’t compare this slump to anything because we were not even in the last season. “If you want to compare it to the last team to play in the top flight, they got relegated so there’s no comparison for what we are going through at the moment. We just have to build and get out of this situation.” Swallows will be looking to get back to winning ways when they face struggling Black Leopards at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday (5pm).