A 44-year-old pastor wanted protection as he was staying alone on the church premises. But the young men, aged between 16 and 27, who were ordered to look after the pastor, couldn’t believe what happened to them. They told Daily Sun they faced terrible sexual abuse from the man of the cloth. “The pastor sucked our penises,” said one of the young men. They said their ordeal started in 2012 and lasted for six years. They said it was as if the pastor from a church in Sun City near KwaMhlanga, Mpumalanga, had brainwashed them. But now about 15 of the victims have come forward to lay a charge. He was arrested in May last year and was released on bail. The pastor appeared in the KwaMhlanga Magistrates Court, facing charges of rape, sexual assault and transfer of pornography photos but the case was postponed to today, 21 April, because the magistrate was not available. A 25-year-old man said he joined the church in 2012 when he was 16. He said the pastor told him to come to his house for a private prayer. “He started praying and he laid his hands on me. He then touched me all over my body and I suddenly felt his hand on my private parts,” he said. “I told him to stop but he continued praying. He didn’t stop touching my 4-5.” He said he told the pastor his actions killed his spirit, but the pastor quoted Bible verses to justify his deeds. The man said he was threatened and he never spoke about his ordeal. He slept at home that night and sent the pastor an SMS telling him he didn’t feel comfortable with the way he touched him. Other victims have told similar horror stories. They said the pastor told them to take photos of their erect 4-5s and send them to him via WhatsApp. They said to justify his evil deeds, he quoted verses in the Holy Book. Another victim (27) said they’d cook for him, clean his house and make the bed and even washed his clothes. He said his parents loved and trusted the pastor. “Even after he got married in 2017, he’d leave his wife in the house and come to us.” The abuse victims said it was still happening to those who’re still in the mission. They said one of their friends was now smoking nyaope. They said during church services on Sundays, the pastor would pray and congregants would collapse on the floor like flies sprayed with Doom. At the time of going to print, the church had not responded to Daily Sun’s requests for comment.