ORLANDO Pirates coach, Josef Zinnbauer, has warned his boys to be more careful on Wednesday when they tackle Algerian side ES Setif in their Confederation Cup Group A match at Orlando Stadium today. The German is concerned his run the risk of picking up unnecessary injuries if they want to match Setif players toe-to-toe physically. He is aware Setif might use an aggressive approach since they are more desperate for three points to increase their hopes of qualifying for the knockout stage. Pirates already have one foot in the quarter-finals since they head standings on eight points from four matches. The Soweto giants are two points ahead of Nigerian side Enyimba, while Setif are tied on two points with Libya side Al Ahly Benghazi. Said Zinnbauer: “Setif are not easy to play against. They are the best team in the group, but our advantage is that we have more points. We have more information (about their approach) this time than the first game (goalless draw) we played against them. “We need the three points, but they need them more than us. “Africans are so aggressive. They can kick us like the last game. Even in the first minute referee showed a yellow card.” Zinnbauer said it’s important to win the game to avoid unnecessary pressure when they face Enyimba in their last group match away next Wednesday. He went on: “It’s important to get three points so we can close the group at the top. Other teams have more pressure than us. All tournaments have got pressure, but we need it in the squad to learn from this experience. In a big club like Pirates, there is pressure. We are unbeaten and we want to go forward, pressure gives us good results.” The good news for Bucs fans is that key defender Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo and striker Gabadinho Mhango are back from suspension to add stability in the team. But fans favourite Thembinkosi Lorch is still ruled out of action since he has yet to fully recover. “We need him (Lorch), but I cannot say he will be ready tomorrow or Saturday. I don’t know (when he will return), but we hope to have him soon,” added Zinnbauer.