BLACK Leopards will need a team effort to keep Boitumelo Radiopane in check in Saturday's DStv Diski Challenge Rewired match against Orlando Pirates, Lidoda Duvha reserve team coach Mongezi Bobe said. The two sides lock horns at Rand Stadium (10am). The youngster has been in remarkable form since the Diski Rewired started, scoring four goals in two matches for the Buccaneers. Having scored a brace when Pirates thumped Kaizer Chiefs 2-0 and another brace when they beat Bloemfontein Celtic 2-1 last weekend, he is likely to be the main threat to Leopards as Pirates are aiming at finishing among the top two teams in Group Two. This is a quest to qualify for the Diski Rewired quarter-finals. Leopards have played only one game after their match against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila did not take place in the opening weekend. Last Sunday, they lost 3-2 to Chiefs. However, Bobe was impressed that they can score goals but added they need to tighten their defence. “They (Pirates) have Radiopane who is on fire,” Bobe said. “We will need to find a way to close him down, you know once a striker gets used to scoring goals, he becomes unstoppable. “He becomes a monster, so we are keeping a close eye on him. Because if we don’t, we are going to have a problem.” Bobe added: “Our group demands a lot of hard work if we are to finish in the top two, which is what we want.” Leopards are in tough Group Two with the big three Mamelodi Sundowns, Pirates, and Chiefs. However, they remain unfazed as they believe they have what it takes to be among the top two teams at the end of the round-robin matches. “We will take the game to them. We are underdogs in this group, and I believe we will surprise many,” Bobe concluded. Pirates and Sundowns are tied on six points in the group after two matches. On Sunday (10am), Sundowns visit Baroka at Old Peter Mokaba Stadium. In Group One, it will be a top-of-the-table clash when Maritzburg United host Stellenbosch FC at Mpumalanga Stadium on  Saturday(10am). Maritzburg lead the group with six points, Stellies lie second with four points. WEEKEND DISKI FIXTURES: SATURDAY Maritzburg United v Stellenbosch (Mpumalanga Stadium, 1Oam) ) AmaZulu v SuperSport United (Mpumalanga Stadium, 12pm) SUNDAY