SOLOMON Kalushi Mahlangu did not die by hanging from a rope at the gallows. He was shot twice, claimed the family of the freedom fighter. Speaking during the commemoration of his execution yesterday at Kgosi Mampuru Prison, Tshwane, family spokesman, Prince George Mahlangu, said the family wants the truth to be told. The gallant struggle icon was executed in 1979 and reburied at B3 Cemetery in Mamelodi West, Tshwane in 1993. Mahlangu said the people who worked at the gallows were sworn to secrecy. so that they did’t reveal the information  He said as the family, there is always a sombre moment every time they commemorate Kalush’si execution by the apartheid government. “The apartheid regime didn’t allow the family the opportunity to bury our loved one in a dignified way,” he said. He said Kalushi was a symbol of the many freedom fighters who paid the ultimate price.  Regarding this new shocking revelation from a credible source, Minister of Justice and Correctional Services, Ronald Lamola, said: “We can only comment on verified information. If the family has new information, they know the processes to be followed for all the information and they have to go through those.” ANC Treasurer-General, Paul Mashatile, said:  Kalushi was a gallant freedom fighter.“Comrade Kalushi, we are here to honour you for what you have done by laying down your life so that we can be free. Our freedom came at a cost. It didn’t come easy.” Mashatile urged young people to visit the monument and the gallows. “As we remember Kalushi, let us dedicate ourselves to fight for freedom, justice and a better life for our people.” Gauteng MEC for Education, Panyaza Lesufi, described Kalushi as a brave man.  “We honour and salute his bravery. We remain hopeful that his legacy will continue,” he said. ANC Deputy Secretary-General, Jessie Duarte, Minister of Social Development, Lindiwe Zulu and other ANC dignitaries, including Nomvula Mokonyane, attended the ceremony. At the Gallows they walked the 52 steps which Kalushi walked before he was executed by the apartheid government. 