CHIPPA Mpengesi has already made moves in his attempt to appoint Luc Eymael as Dan Malesela's replacement at Chippa United. SunSport has it on good authority that Mpengesi has already written a letter to Safa seeking permission to appoint the Belgian coach. Eymael is already in the country seeking employment after allegedly being lured to the country by Tshakhuma FC with the hope of offering him a job. But their deal fell through after the Limpopo side opted for Dylan Kerr who ended up signing a proposed contract that was offered to him in January. Now the Belgian was left stranded in the country without any employment and had to book himself in a hotel around Joburg. He's luck came about when Malesela was fired on Sunday following Chippa's embarrassing 5-1 loss to Maritzburg United on Saturday. Much as Eymael has been cleared by Fifa to work anywhere he would like following his banning in South Africa, but Mpengesi thought of seeking advise from the football governing body. It's also believed that Mpengesi is working on taking more advise from the Eastern Cape government Premier's office, as well as other relevant political bodies. Eymael was banned after alleged racist remarks in Tanzania while still coach of Yanga SC, which fuelled an uproar after comments of referring to supporters as mokeys. But our mole said: "He's free to work anywhere he wants to. But whether he will be welcomed by other coaches in the country is something else. And how will clubs see Chippa under Luc is something that cannot be guessed. "It is believed Mpengesi has already submitted a formal correspondence to Safa seeking permission. "Such matters should be handled by Safa's ethics committee which must advise Mpengesi further, but I'm not sure how will the association handle this one in a politically divided country." Eymael's representative in South Africa, Brett Arthur of Votae Sports, confirmed that they're in talks with Chippa. "Luc was supposed to have joined Chippa in January, but everything was delayed by that said banning and all that. We're hoping that all will go well and Luc would work with the club for the next three months until June. I'm hoping he will be in the dugout by next week." Chippa are 14th on the log with a mere 17 points from 21 games - four more than 16th placed side Black Leopards. Their next clash is against Baroka next week.