MINISTER of Sport, Arts and Culture, Nathi Mthethwa, has officially announced and introduced the 2023 Netball World Cup Board that will be responsible for ensuring that Mzansi delivers the most inspirational tournament in Netball World Cup history. Mzansi has a proven track record when it comes to hosting premier global sporting events and the Netball World Cup, set to take place at the Cape Town International Convention Centre from 17 July to 8 August 2023, is expected to be another success story. Mthethwa has entrusted SASCOC Chief Operations Officer (COO) Patience Shikwambana as leader of the board, taking the big position of the Chairperson. The board also includes Netball South Africa president Cecilia Molokwane, Netball SA CEO Blanche de le Guerre, Deputy Director-General of the Department of Sport, Arts and Culture Sumayya Khan as well as Jean-Pierre (JP) Smith and Lyndon Bouah. Their responsibilities will include the strategic overall guidance and compliance, the approval of all contractual obligations, approval of all required policies as well as overall project coordination and reporting. “I wish to take this opportunity to congratulate the members of the new board on their historic appointment and wish them well with this assignment. Indeed, they will be expected to hit the ground running, as they proceed to make the country proud,” said Mthethwa. “We strongly believe that it is time South Africa also provides the stage for our own Netball players to showcase their talent on home soil, a place that made the impossible, possible.” Shikwambana, who is no stranger to women’s football, applauded Mthethwa for entrusting a woman with a leadership position and promised that her team will be efficient in delivering a successful showpiece. The World Cup is expected to bring some economic benefits as well as contribute towards social cohesion and nation building. “It’s a solid team that has been put together and we will be equal to the task,” said Shikwambana. “We will conquer. We will deliver for our country. We have an obligation to ensure that the tournament is a great success. We know that promises were made when the bid was made and we intend to keep all of them.” 