MONEY rats are always a scam! Never fall for them! Warning people against this crazy scam, sangoma Skhunisivuthemanzini Mkhize said many clients come to him asking for money rats. Mkhize said he is yet to see someone who has had a money rat that brought money. “I know of people who spent money buying the rat only to find that they’ve been scammed,” he said. He said real sangomas don’t get involved with rats. “That rat doesn’t have money of its own. It steals the money from somewhere. You and your rat need to be arrested, if you do something like that,” he said. He said if a sangoma had rats that could bring money, why did they not use them for themselves? “They should have the luck which the rats got for them,” he said. Another sangoma, Jabulani Mthimunye, said: “I also get a lot of clients asking for money rats. I don’t have them and don’t know them.” He said people who fall for such scams just want easy money. “There is no such thing as easy money. You have to hustle and work hard for everything.” He emphasised that no real sangoma went around advertising that they have money rats. “It’s just people who are hungry for your money and because you don’t want to work, they will succeed in taking your money from you.” Sangoma Dabulamanzi Mdunge said: “I chase away clients who ask me for money rats because those are the people who would do anything, even kill, to have money.” Daily Sun recently reported on a reader who bought rats from an online sangoma to make loads of cash. “My money is disappearing while I sleep,” said Natasha Chisimuka (33) from Marathon Squatter Camp in Germiston, Ekurhuleni. “The sangoma told me that when I wake up I’d see the money the rats bring. But when I look there’s nothing!” So far, Natasha has lost R7 800. She said the sangoma, whom she now believed to be fake, advertised his business in the newspaper. “I thought it was genuine because it was in the paper,” she said. “I’ve been calling him to get my money back, but he ignores my calls. “I urge other people, who read newspapers, to be careful around some sangomas. We see advertisement in the papers.”