AMAZULU have a big chance to go second on the DStv Premiership table when they visit Black Leopards at Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday (3pm). This if second-placed Golden Arrows cannot pick up maximum points against Swallows in Soweto on Saturday. Third-placed SuperSport United is not playing this weekend and fourth-placed Pirates are away in the Caf Confederations Cup. This gives Usuthu, fifth on the table with 34 points from 20 games, a grand opportunity to put pressure on teams at the top and will hope to keep their winning streak going having won their last four league games for the first time since 2009 under Clive Barker then. Memela said they know what this game means to their aspirations. “This game is important for us because we know what we want to achieve,” said Memela. “To arrive at the level we want to reach, we know all the time that every game we give hundred percent performances.” Memela has gone off the boil of late after setting a good standard in the first half of the season. Memela, signed from Pirates during the off-season as Sandile Zungu flexed his muscle to bring glory days to the sleeping giants of Mzansi’s football after buying the club in October last year, started his season with Usuthu well. He was scoring for fun in the early part of the season but has been unable to maintain that form. Since coach Benni McCarthy arrived in December last year, Memela has only scored twice. Those two goals came in McCarthy’s first game in charge against Chippa United in the same month. Ever since then, Memela has failed to score. So far he has scored six league goals, with two assists in 18 league matches. Having scored two goals against the very same Leopards in the reverse fixture last year November in Durban, Memela will aim to end his scoring drought against the Limpopo side. Usuthu will also have revenge insight as Lehlohonolo Seema’s side dumped them out in the Nedbank Cup in Thohoyandou when the last time these two sides met late in February. “What happened in the past, we have put that behind us and there’s nothing else we can do about it,” said Memela. “I can see as a team we are ready for this game. What we need to do is to not think about our last game against them where Leopards beat us.” 