FOUR of the six pupils from Jim Chavani High School who died in a car crash Ximixoni village in the Vhembe District, Limpopo, were laid to rest on Friday 23 April. The grade 11 pupils, who were on their way home from school, died last week after the bakkie they had hitched a ride from lost control and crashed into a house. One pupil was laid to rest on Thursday, while another service will be held on Saturday. Their joint funeral service, which was held at Saselami Stadium, was attended by Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga, Limpopo education MEC Polly Boshielo and Collins Chabane Mayor Moses Maluleke. Motshekga said she was saddened by the pupils’ passing and wished the five injured pupils a speedy recovery.  “We have lost our future leaders. I understand how difficult it has been for the parents and the family of the deceased learners to cope.” She said losing a child is the worst pain any parent can go through. “We’re here to offer our condolences and comfort the families of the deceased learners,” said Motshekga. She said the pupils come from a school which, despite being underprivileged, was one of the best performing schools in the province. The pupils were identified as Nhlaluko Maluleke (16), Themba Nyambi (16), Tommy Nkanyani (17), Vukosi Ringani (17), Freedom Rihlampfu (16) and Vuxaka Chauke (18).  School principal Emmanuel Ndobe said the accident had left a void which will be difficult for the school to fill it. He said they recently celebrated achieving a 97,2% matric pass rate, and never thought they would be plunged into a state of sorrow. He said the school would work hard and produce good results in the coming years in honour of the late pupils. Representing pupils, Precious Chauke said she was deeply saddened about losing her peers in such as tragic way as life wouldn’t be the same without some them.  However, she urged the Department of Education to provide scholar transport as there were still many pupils who travelled more than 5 kilometers to get to school.