SOUTH Africa has halted the rollout of the Johnson and
Johnson (J&J) vaccine following reports in the USA that some people
developed blood clots after being vaccinated. So far, almost 300 000 health workers in Mzansi have been
vaccinated with the J&J vaccine since February this year. Health Minister Zweli Mkhize on Tuesday said though they
have halted the rollout, there hasn’t been any case of blood clotting in South
Africa. The impact of this decision, we expect that it shouldn’t
have any significant impact on the rollout seeing that at this point we have
only done 300 000 people and in the next few days we are going to be doing
another 200 000. “We expect that this matter is going to be cleared in the
next few days because we expect that next week the first batch of a million
vaccines should be coming from J&J towards the end of the week. Mkhize said they hope that next few days more information
will come to the fore, such as clarity on whether the blood clotting issue is
linked to the vaccine and what aspect of that vaccine. “Secondly, is this something that is linked to other
factors, environmental factors, underlying diseases, medication and so on,” He said those are some of the things they will be looking at
as they are looking for answers. Though the fears of the third wave are mounting, Minister
Mkhize said they have not received any information on the surge. “At the moment we do not have any concrete information when
the third wave might becoming. We have to continue to encourage the public to use face
masks, make sure that keep our distances and sanitise, they have helped us to
stay on the plate for a while The EFF joined the chorus of those calling for the halt of
the J&J Vaccine rollout. The call by the EFF is guided by the Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) and centers for Disease Control and Prevention
recommendation that the Johnson & Johnson vaccine be halted in the United
States of America following severe adverse reaction in six cases of women aged
between the ages 18 – 45 after having received the single-dose vaccine.