HE LOVES his girlfriend and she loves him. But his evil future mother-in-law believes he is a womaniser and unfit to date her daughter. NOW, INSTEAD OF GIVING HER BLESSINGS, THE MAMAZALA HAS SHRUNK HIS 4-5! The 33-year-old man from Chiawelo in Soweto, who works as a manager at a retail store in Jabulani Mall, said the threat of shrinking his 4-5 came about three months ago. He said he might regret being in the relationship because his mamazala has put her threat into action and shrunk his 4-5 because she didn’t think he deserved to be with her daughter. He said he has been in a relationship with his girlfriend for a year and his mamazala has always made it clear that she didn’t want him. “I didn’t want to listen to her and I hoped that as time went by she’d eventually like me. “But with the way things are going, I don’t have faith that things will be okay in the future,” said the man. He told Daily Sun his mamazala told him that he was not welcome in her home so whenever he wanted to see his girlfriend, they had to meet at his home. “It was hard for me to accept that she doesn’t want me because I admire her,” he said. ALSO READ: ZOLEKA
MANDELA: MY FAMILY IS AT WAR! “She’s a sangoma and she threatened me, but I didn’t believe she’d actually do that to me. I thought her love for her daughter will outweigh her evil thoughts.” He said she even told him when she was done shrinking his 4-5 she’d find a husband for her daughter. Last month he suddenly realised that his 4-5 was shrinking. “It just started getting smaller. I couldn’t believe my eyes!” he said. He said he confronted the mamazala, who laughed and told him to get off her property. “I called her and asked her to please reverse this curse, but she said she won’t until I leave her daughter alone,” he said. The girlfriend (29) said she knew that her man used to cheat, but she’s past that life. “He cheated on me once and I forgave him. I want us to move forward.” She said she has also tried to speak to her mum, but she won’t restore his 4-5. ALSO READ: WATCH:
KE CHIPI DAAI DENG! The mamazala said the man has never been fit to be with her daughter. She said she knew the man’s history with women and he’s not fit to be her mkhwenyana. “I might give him probation if I see that his ways have changed. For now, he just needs to prove that he’s worthy to be my son-in-law. “I don’t hate him. I just think my daughter deserves better,” said the mamazala. She said she raised her daughter very well and she shouldn’t be spending her time with this unfaithful man. “I don’t think I’ll ever accept this relationship,” she said.