Gospel music lovers are in for a treat this Easter weekend. Telkom is bringing the second instalment of its Easter Gospel Concert, which began last year on its streaming service TelkomONE. The concert that has an impressive line-up of gospel stars will air from 2 to 4 April. Gospel powerhouses such as pastor Benjamin Dube, Ntokozo Mbambo and Lebo Sekgobela are set to wow Mzansi with their angelic voices. Speaking to Daily Sun, Telkom’s content executive Wanda Mkhize said: “The South African faith-based community will experience yet another Easter holiday under strict Covid-19 restrictions. It is not all gloom and doom as virtual gatherings have ensured that connecting with each other for work, study and entertainment isn’t completely ruled out in these challenging times.” Mkhize said they will bring back the virtual concert due to popular demand. “This time around, we’ve added to the line-up and extended the duration to over the weekend,” he said. ALSO READ | MANDLA N HAS BIG STUDIO DREAM! Sekgobela said she hoped people would enjoy the show. “I am grateful to be alive and healthy at this time and am especially grateful to be able to minister to my fans through music. I know they will enjoy the show. Of course, everyone has their favourite songs. I’ve tried to accommodate everyone in my performances.” Meanwhile, Dube said Covid-19 has pushed the public and artists to be innovative. “We miss church but it doesn’t mean we can’t worship at home. This is a great initiative by Telkom. And it’s a good example of how corporates can help and support the arts community, which has been gravely affected by the pandemic. “I believe the concert will bless many of us who need spiritual upliftment.” Mbambo, who kicked off the inaugural show by herself last year, said: “I am honoured to be in the company of the amazing Lebo Sekgobela and the talented pastor Benjamin Dube this year. I can’t wait for fans to experience the exhilarating performances we have prepared for them. Of course, things have definitely changed and I can’t say for sure whether or not this is the new norm because I hope it is not. We miss connecting with people, feeding off their energies while on stage and seeing their reactions to a performance. But for now online concerts are a good alternative. We all need to be safe while navigating this new world order.”