Tjotjo prosecutor Dumisa Kumbaca has dumped his legal representative, Bongani Macingwane, and opted for another private law firm. The firm, PPD Attorney, has instructed Rodney Matshaya to represent him. Kumbaca (51), who was denied bail in late February, stands accused of corruption and defeating the ends of justice after he allegedly solicited a R25 000 tjotjo from a drunk driving accused to have the docket destroyed. In his bail application, Kumbaca has indicated that he intends to plead not guilty when the case goes to trial. In court on Tuesday, 20 April while Kumbaca was in the holding cells, Macingwane approached Magistrate Rochelle Sam to inform her he was withdrawing from the case. Sam told state prosecutor, Henkey Ackeman, that Macingwane “was here this morning saying the accused terminated his services” and as a result, the case had to stand down because Matshaya was not yet before the court. This irritated Ackerman, prompting him to ask Sam: “For how long must we wait?” Sam asked Kumbaca the whereabouts of Matshaya in which he responded that he was aware of the court proceedings and was on his way. Matshaya had a problem with Ackeman prosecuting Kumbaca, citing “personal interest” as Ackerman had previously worked with Kumbaca. But Sam said there was nothing she could do but to postpone the matter for another day. Responding to Matshaya’s request for Ackerman to recuse himself from the case, Sam said: “I don’t know if you want to take it to a higher level but I cannot force the state (Ackerman) to withdraw.” Sam postponed the matter until 12 May for a regional court date and for Ackerman to provide Matshaya with the copies of the docket and relevant evidence. Meanwhile, East London police have appealed to the community for assistance in finding the whereabouts of defence attorney, Phakamani Gasela, who is charged alongside Kumbaca. Police spokesman Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana said Gasela’s suspected to have been involved in the recent case where Kumbaca was arrested and charged for stealing dockets in the same court he was working in. Kinana said Gasela was on the run and that a warrant has been issued for his arrest. Anyone with information that can lead to his arrest is asked to contact their nearest police station. Kumbaca remains in jail following his arrest in January.