 (This project is in partnership with the Delegation of the European Union to South Africa) Last week, Daily Sun hosted the second in a series of webinars about ending gender-based violence. The webinar, entitled Accountability: How Communities Need to Show Up to End GBV, was co-hosted by the Delegation of the European Union to South Africa. It was held in March to mark International Women’s Day as well as Human Rights Day in South Africa.  On the panel were Dr Zubeda Dangor, head of the National Shelter Movement of South Africa; Given Sigauqwe of Sonke Gender Justice; and Alexis Searle of The I Am Collective, with Gail Smith of the Soul City Institute facilitating.  The discussion covered a wide range of topics around how the communities around us must be part of the solution to end the violence. Searle, an abuse survivor, said she only realised what she was going through wasn’t normal when she listened to the stories of women around her. They told her she didn’t have to put up with the abuse.  Dangor shared that the country only has 98 shelters to service the women who need them, which means that without the contribution of everyone in the community – from parents, sibilings, neighbours, faith-based leaders and government structures – the problem overwhelms the infrastructure. Sigauqwe reminded the audience that not only women are victims of the patriarchal system, boys are too. He says a statement such as “boys don’t cry”, seems harmless, but isn’t as that boy grows up to be a man who doesn’t know how to express his emotions. He also reiterated that his organisation works extensively with men and boys as they are the perpetrators who must be part of the solution.  What was clear from the discussion was that ending gender-based violence is not someone else’s problem, it is everyone’s problem – particularly men and boys – who are largely the perpetrators. Also, Searle reiterated that the more people share their stories, whether of being bystanders, abusers or victims, the more likely we are to find solutions that will have a lasting impact on what has been called the Shadow Pandemic by the United Nations. You can watch the discussion here:  If you need help: The National Shelter Movement of SA National 24hr Toll-Free Helpline Number: 0800 001 005. SMS, WhatsApp or send A Please Call Me to: 082 057 8600 / 082 058 2215 / 072 230 7147. Email: infohelpline@womenscentre.co.za You can also download one of these safety Apps: One Scream; Safe; Red Panic Button; React and Namola