SWALLOWS FC coach, Brandon Truter, is bracing for a bumpy ride to the finish line in the DStv Premiership for his side. The remaining eight matches of the season will be like cup finals for the Dube Birds, according to their mentor. Brakkies, as Truter is affectionately known, wants to make his side’s first season back in the big time one to remember. Swallows might have fallen behind in the title race with leaders Mamelodi Sundowns running away with it, but there’s still plenty to play for. The Soweto outfit are still in a solid position and could yet clinch a top-three finish that would guarantee continental football next season. But for that to happen, they will have to start turning some of their many draws into a string of wins. Truter’s charges were held to their 13th draw of the season by Bloemfontein Celtic on Tuesday. “It’s a point away from home, so we’ll take it,” said Truter. “At this stage of the season, every point counts. It’s tough to win games at this stage of the season because every match is a tough one. “Every team is fighting for something. We are fighting to finish as high as possible, while others also have their own ambitions.” Truter is expecting things to only get tougher as the season draws to a close. They have another tough assignment against Orlando Pirates at Dobsonville Stadium on Saturday (5pm) in the original Soweto derby. The two sides are only separated by a solitary point on the Premiership standings heading into their encounter. The reverse fixture ended in a 1-1 draw back in January, with Kamohelo Mahlatsi earning a point late in the match after Ben Motshwari had put Bucs in the front. It will be another enthralling battle as both sides are desperate to seal a top-three finish. Truter, though, is concerned about fatigue given the demanding schedule in the latter part of the season. “We are playing high-intensity games and you can see the effect it has on the players,” added Truter. “The front three, especially are very intense. The likes of (Kgaogelo) Sekgota, (Ruzaigh) Gamildien and Mahlatsi, you could see the legs are going in some matches. “We don’t have much time to recover before Pirates, but it’s the same for other teams. This period is tough. “We have to manage the fatigue. It will demand extra effort and sacrifices, but we’ll get through it.”