RESIDENTS from Leeuwfontein near Baviaanspoort held an emotional memorial service on Saturday, 17 April. This after Tendani Hlungwani (43) and Doctor Setlai (51) died in separate incidents in the area within a week. According to residents, Tendani was robbed and murdered on her way from work on 9 April, while Doctor was allegedly killed by metro cops on 13 April. Residents told Daily Sun Tendani’s body was discovered in the bush not far from the road. Her daughter, Lebo (16) said: “We are devastated and want justice for our mother.” Lebo said her mum was buried in Tshakhuma in Venda, Limpopo on Saturday. Charlotte Makitla (38) said it was hard to accept Tendani was gone. She said residents planned to organise patrollers. ALSO READ: CYBER BULLIES ANGER RETHABILE! Pastor Kedibone Matuludi of Fountain of Grace and Arch of Liberty Community Church said the area had no lights and was not safe. “We are praying to God to look after the community,” she said. Vhathu Phanda Community Forum women’s brigade chairwoman Boitumelo Mashakeng (36) said they didn’t feel safe. “We hope to get street lights to make our area better and safer,” she said. Doctor’s family said he will be buried in Siyabuswa in Mpumalanga on Saturday. The Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) said they were investigating his death, allegedly the result of police action. ALSO READ: WATCH - TABLE MOUNTAIN BLAZE WREAKS HAVOC! Ipid spokeswoman Ndileka Cola said: “There was allegedly an operation to disconnect illegally connected electricity cables. A few hours later, the Tshwane Metro Police Department operational commander received a call informing him community members were reconnecting the cables.” Cola said the commander reportedly asked for back-up from the crowd management unit and other metro police officers. “When officers arrived in the area, they allegedly found a group of people reconnecting cables. “When they stopped the community members, they allegedly threw stones. Crowd management unit members retaliated by shooting at community members,” Cola said a man was allegedly shot and later declared dead by emergency services. “A postmortem was conducted and the directorate continues with investigations,” she said.