JDR Stars and Jomo Cosmos continue to lead the way in the 2020-21 GladAfrica Championship season. The Piano Boyz made it four wins on the trot with a 2-1 win away to Polokwane City on Tuesday. Puleng Tlolane had pulled Rise and Shine level following Bafana Kali's third goal of the season, before a late winner from Mziwokuthula Zimu steered the Gauteng-based club up to the summit of the league standings. Ezenkosi joined JDR Stars on 15 points following a 1-0 win away to TS Sporting on Wednesday. Sanele Gumede's first goal of the campaign proved to be the difference between the two teams. Cape Town Spurs' poor start to the season continued as they fell to a 3-0 defeat away to newly-promoted Bizana Pondo Chiefs. Spurs' new signing Jairo da Silva received his marching orders early in the second half in only his second start for the club with goals from Aluncedo Mazwi, Lungelo Nguse and Mbongiseni Mbandlwa leading the Lions to comfortable win and out of the relegation zone as a result. The Urban Warriors remain the only team yet to register a win this season and are stuck at the bottom of the league standings, five points from safety. Pretoria University's fall down the league standings continued as they succumbed to a fifth straight defeat going down 2-1 away to Royal AM. Cape United made a similarly good start to the campaign and entered 2021 as league leaders but their winless run in the league stretched to four matches following defeat by the same scoreline at Uthongathi FC. Elsewhere, Sekhukhune United returned to winning ways with a 1-0 victory over Pretoria Callies while Cape Town All Stars' unbeaten start to the campaign came to an end with a 2-0 loss to Free State Stars at Parow Park. MATCHDAY 8 RESULTS Tuesday, 12 January Bizana Pondo Chiefs 3-0 Cape Town Spurs - King Goodwill Zwelithini Stadium Cape Town All Stars 0-2 Free State Stars - Parow Park Uthongathi FC 2-1 Cape United - Princess Magogo Stadium Polokwane City 1-2 JDR Stars - Old Peter Mokaba Stadium Wednesday, 13 January Sekhukhune United 1-0 Pretoria Callies - Makhulong Stadium Royal AM 2-1 Pretoria University - Chatsworth Stadium TS Sporting 0-1 Jomo Cosmos - Kabokweni Stadium Steenberg United 1-1 Richards Bay - Idas Valley sports Ground -SuperSport.com