THE traditional giants of the PSL have managed to avoid each other in the Nedbank Cup last 32 draw. The draw, which took place on Thursday, did however serve up some mouth-watering clashes. The headline fixture would be Cape Town City against Bloemfontein Celtic, two DStv Premiership sides going head to head. Celtic have been impressive in cup competitions having reached two finals, one of them being the Ke Yona Cup where they were beaten by Mamelodi Sundowns. The Mangaung club will be hoping to go one better this time around but they first have to get past a dangerous Citizens outfit.In another all Premiership clash, Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila face SuperSport United. Meanwhile, defending champions Sundowns will kick off their defence against Stellenbosch FC in what could also be described as a headline fixture in its own right. There were no amateur teams in the draw as per norm this time around after the South African Football Association (SAFA) were unable to provide eight teams to participate in this season’s Nedbank CupThis is due to the recent suspension of all amateur football by Safa as a result of the rise in Covid-19 cases in the country. As a result, the PSL were left short with eight teams for Thursday night’s last 32 draw. SAFA ISSUES APOLOGY TO PSL! The league has decided that the best way forward is to reinstall the eight GladAfrica Championship knocked out in the qualification competition to the Ke Yona Cup. The draw included the 16 DStv Premiership teams and 16 GladAfrica championship teams. Nedbank Cup last 32 draw: Bizana Pondo Chiefs vs Cape Town All Stars Cape Town City vs Bloemfontein Celtic JDR Stars vs University of Pretoria Tshakhuma FC vs SuperSport United Orlando Pirates vs Uthongathi FC Chippa United vs Free State Stars Jomo Cosmos vs Black Leopards Baroka FC vs Cape Town Spurs Golden Arrows vs AmaZulu Maritzburg United vs Sekhukhune United Polokwane City vs Steenberg United Pretoria Callies vs Royal AM Swallows FC vs Cape United Mamelodi Sundowns vs Stellenbosch FC Kaizer Chiefs vs Richards Bay FC TS Galaxy vs TS Sporting