 The Korasi family is celebrating the short-lived life of their loved one. Today a memorial service of the seven-year-old Bongani Korasi who was shot and murdered on Saturday (16 January) by unknown men in Phiri, Soweto was held. The family and residents said they won't stop digging till these perpetrators are behind bars. Uncle, Musa Fakude said the family is very sad and still can't believe that they've lost this gem at such a young age. He described Bongani as a respectful child who was everyone's friend. "He's one of the few kids who respects everyone and always greeted old people on the street. The family was raising a hero and we're broken," said Musa.  Aunt, Pule Korasi also said the family is devastated by this terrible incident and won't rest till the perpetrators are in jail. "Bongani was a happy child. I could write a book about Bongani's short-lived life, everyone knew the kind of a person he was. He was just a gift to all of us, we're still shocked to see such a young soul robbed from us. His spirit lives on," said Pule. Bongani was also a soccer star. He played as a striker at Dlamini all-stars. Coach, Nhlanhla Dlamini said Bongani was not just an exceptional player, he was also smart and he trusted his judgment. He said Bongani hated seeing lazy players. "He always pushed his teammates to train hard and play smart. He played soccer like he was an old person," said Nhlanhla. He also said this young champion was a star that he won't be able to replace. "I want the family to know that they're not alone, we're with you," said Nhlanhla.  Community leader, Themba Maseko said he wants the family to know that they're not alone in this. He said they will keep fighting till justice is served for their little one. He said he doesn't understand how police didn't question people who were roaming around the streets at 2am. "As community members, we respected curfew hours but police failed in doing their job. You've failed us and you need to answer for what happened," he said. "We won't rest till these idiots are locked up, let's just hope that police will bring them to justice," he added.  