ANC Women’s League and EFF members protested at the Mkhuhlu Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 5 January, opposing the bail application of a man (34) accused of double-murder. They came to support the family of a murdered miner Rose Vilakazi (32) and her 17-month-old daughter, Accurate Vilakazi. Both were found burnt beyond recognition inside a white BMW under a railway bridge on the outskirts of Ronaldsey Village on Thursday, 24 December. Vilakazi had come home for Christmas in Cork, outside Mkhuhlu, from the North West, when on 24 December she told her family that she and Accurate were visiting Kruger National Park with her allegedly abusive boyfriend. But they never returned.  Public prosecutor Mavis Mashimbyi told the court that the accused is facing two counts of murder. The court received an affidavit submitted by the accused’s lawyer, Vusi Segodi, saying he was not going to plead guilty to the double-murder charges against him. “The case against my client is weak. He is not going to plead guilty as nothing wrong was found in his possession by police during his arrest. Police forced him to make a confession statement. “My client is employed by Impala Platinum mine in the North West as a panel leader of six. He is a responsible father of three kids from different mothers. And he has a pending case of assault GBH against him in Rustenburg,” said Segodi. But Magistrate Nhlanhla Malomane warned the accused that all evidence given before the court could be used as evidence against him during trial. Vilakazi family spokesman Patrick Mbowane (55) said: “It hurts as we still can’t find closure as our deceased’s remains are not with us. Adding salt to the wound, his lawyer presented a piercing affidavit. But our wish is that the killer must not be granted bail.” ANC Women’s League provincial secretary Lydia Moroane said: “We were here to oppose his bail. We demand more radical commitment to the struggle against patriotism because women are denied the opportunity to raise issues pertaining to relationships. “President Cyril Ramaphosa must take decisive steps to save the lives of women and children, and all GBV and femicide cases must not be withdrawn.” The EFF’s Trevor Nkosi said: “We condemn this issue of GBV and femicide. We need a fair judgment, and there should be a school for men to stand against GBV.” The matter has been postponed to Friday, 8 January for further hearing of his bail application.