ORLANDO Pirates
returned to winning ways following a 3-0 thrashing of Tshakhuma Tsha
Madzivhandila (TTM) in a DStv Premiership match at Thohoyandou Stadium
yesterday. The win has
moved Bucs into fourth spot on the league table on 17 points from 10 games, while
TTM remains in 12th position on nine points from the same number of
games. Pirates have
now improved their record on the road having grabbed just three victories in
nine matches. The Soweto giants had dropped crucial points in their past two
games having lost 1-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns and drew 1-1 with Swallows FC in
their last game at the weekend. Pirates coach
Josef Zinnbauer made three changes to his starting line-up that played against
Swallows FC with left-back Innocent Maela getting the nod in the absence of
Bucs captain Thulani Hlatshwayo due to suspension. Vincent Pule returned to the
side in place of Thabang Monare after he recovered from injury. The German born
mentor opted for Gabadinho Mhango upfront ahead of Terrence Dzvukamanja who struggled
to make an impact against The Birds. Ntsikelelo Nyauza was given the captain’s
armband. His
counterpart, Joel Masutha also made three changes to the side that drew 2-2
with Cape Town City in a bid to end their winless run having drawn four times
and lost once at home. He preferred Ndivhuwo Ravhulahi in defence in place of
Lebogang Mabotja, with Diamond Thopola starting ahead of Joseph Molangoane and
Thembisani Nevhulamba lead the attack in place of Rhulani Manzini. Pirates started
the game like a house on fire putting TTM defence lead by their former player
Alfred Ndengane under severe pressure in a bid to grab an early goal. Their
efforts were rewarded in the 15th minutes when striker Deon Hotto
broke the ice with an easy tap-in from rebound following a blunder by Meshack
Maphangule who was dispossessed by Pule. Pirates defence
was almost caught off-guard in the 37th minute when TTM
midfielder Thabo Rakhale shaved the crossbar after he lobbed the ball over a
bemused Wayne Sandilands. Mhango gave Bucs a cushion in the 39th
minutes with a low shot that went under goalkeeper Washington Arubi’s armpit
after he received a great pass from Thembinkosi Lorch inside the penalty
box. Bucs midfielder Fortune Makaringe put matters beyond TTM’s reach in
the 64th minutes to ensure their fans are happy again. Pirates will
now meet another Venda side Black Leopards at the same venue on Sunday
(3.30pm)By SUNSPORT REPORTER ORLANDO Pirates
returned to winning ways following a 3-0 thrashing of Tshakhuma Tsha
Madzivhandila (TTM) in a DStv Premiership match at Thohoyandou Stadium
yesterday. The win has
moved Bucs into fourth spot on the league table on 17 points from 10 games,
while TTM remain in 12th position on nine points from the same
number of games. Pirates have
now improved their record on the road having grabbed just three victories in
nine matches. The Soweto giants had dropped crucial points in their past two
games having lost 1-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns and drew 1-1 with Swallows FC in
their last game at the weekend. Pirates coach
Josef Zinnbauer made three changes to his starting line-up that played against
Swallows FC with leftback Innocent Maela getting the nod in the absence of Bucs
captain Thulani Hlatshwayo due to suspension. Vincent Pule returned to the side
in place of Thabang Monare after he recovered from injury. The German born
mentor opted for Gabadinho Mhango upfront ahead of Terrence Dzvukamanja who
struggled to make an impact against The Birds. Ntsikelelo Nyauza was given the
captain’s armband. His counterpart,
Joel Masutha also made three changes to the side that drew 2-2 with Cape Town
City in a bid to end their winless run having drawn four times and lost once at
home. He preferred Ndivhuwo Ravhulahi in defence in place of Lebogang Mabotja,
with Diamond Thopola starting ahead of Joseph Molangoane and Thembisani
Nevhulamba lead the attack in place of Rhulani Manzini. Pirates started
the game like a house on fire putting TTM defence lead by their former player
Alfred Ndengane under severe pressure in a bid to grab an early goal. Their
effort were rewarded in the 15th minutes when striker Deon Hotto
broke the ice with an easy tap-in from rebound following a blunder by Meshack
Maphangule who was dispossessed the ball by Pule. Pirates defence
was almost caught off-guard in the 37th minutes when TTM midfielder
Thabo Rakhale shaved the crossbar after he lobbed the ball over a bemused Wayne
Sandilands. Mhango gave Bucs a cushion in the 39th minutes with a
low shot that went under goalkeeper Washington Arubi’s armpit after he received
a great pass from Thembinkosi Lorch inside the penalty box. Bucs
midfielder Fortune Makaringe put matters beyond TTM’s reach in the 64th
minutes to ensure their fans are happy again. Pirates will
now meet another Venda side Black Leopards at the same venue on Sunday
(3.30pm)