 Former EFF Eastern Cape leader Themba Wele will know whether
he will be granted bail later this week, nine days after his arrest for
fraudulent charges. Wele, 40, together with his four co-accused aged between 28
and 60 who are all committee members of the Bhongweni community near the East
London Airport, are accused of illegally selling plots on Greydell farm. Wele is also a supporter of newly formed One SA Movement,
which former DA leader Mmusi Maimane formed after his fallout with his party. The land in question belongs to the national department of
public works & infrastructure. According to police spokesperson Thembimkosi Kinana, the
accused were allegedly selling the plots for R15 000 up to December 31, 2020
but the price increased to R25 000 from January 1, 2020. The operation, which involved police crime intelligence,
East London commercial crime detectives, public works & infrastructure
investigators and the Hawks forfeiture unit, was conducted on January 27. On Friday they made a brief appearance at the East London
Magistrate's Court and their case postponed to Friday for formal bail
application. Magistrate Annemarie Elliot told the accused the case was
being postponed because there was outstanding evidence against the accused
including statements from witnesses, video and audio recordings and the
National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) needed seven days to profile the accused. The postponement did not sit well with the legal
representative of the accused, Sipho Klaas, who contested that the State had enough
time to profile the accused and take statement from witnesses following the
accused arrest. The property has attracted controversy since January 2018
when people started building houses on the land illegally. Last year in July the public works department demolished 70
shacks built on the land. The owners of the demolished shacks took the matter to court
and they won. The court ruled that accommodation should be provided to the
affected households within 10 days of the ruling. Speaking on conditions of anonymity, a resident said he had
also bought a plot on the land for R15 000 but was evicted in 2018. "From the evictions we knew the selling of the land was
illegal. We approached the committee members to ask them what was going on
because people who had bought the plots had taught the transactions were
legitimate.