EVERYONE has a crush. The question is: how desperate are you to get yours? Desperate people who want their crush have resorted to home-made love spells to lure them in. The methods, from smashing eggs on top of the picture of your crush to using candles and midnight prayers, have been used by many. The one that is trending on Twitter is smashing an egg on the picture of your crush and calling out their name three times, then blowing maize meal onto it. Daily Sun spoke to people who had tried these methods. Some had given up while others believed that they actually worked. Pamela Sithole said she had lost hope after trying the method, which she did three times. The crush still treated her like she didn’t exist. Pamela, who said that she’s had too many failed relationships, now just wanted to be in a relationship that was guaranteed to be successful. “At this stage I don’t know what to do, but I’ve heard that there are other methods. “I will try two more before I completely give up.” Thato Mokoena said he has also tried this method, and it didn’t work. “I’m willing to do everything to get my crush. That person is the love of life.” Sbongile Mbatha said she was once advised to print out a picture of her crush, tie it with her used underwear and place it under her bed. “I did this 10 months ago but the guy won’t even look my wayIt didnt work at all,” said Sbongile. She was not willing to give up because she knew that he was the one for her. and she even dreams about him. Lindelwa Makhoba said at midnight, she prays with the picture of her crush in her hand. “A friend recommended this because it worked for her. I’m patiently waiting for the results.” A woman said she took her crush’s picture, placed it between a yellow and red candle with mpepho and prayed. “I did this for seven days. A week later, the guy approached me. We’ve been together for 11 months now,” she said. Daily Sun spoke to izangoma, who said these methods didn’t work. Joseph Dungamanzi said there was muthi people could use to attract others. Gogo Matshidiso Mokone agreed, saying: “If you love someone just save yourself time and tell them.These things don’t work,”