AmaZulu FC will host their KwaZulu-Natal rivals Maritzburg United in a DStv Premiership match at the Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3:30 pm CAT. Usuthu are desperate for a win as they are winless in their last two matches in the league, having suffered a 1-0 defeat to Kaizer Chiefs at home in their previous game on 13 January. The defeat saw AmaZulu remain ninth on the league standings -  three points behind seventh-placed Stellenbosch FC. Benni McCarthy, the AmaZulu head coach, believes that his team is on the right path despite their recent defeat to Chiefs. "I am disappointed with the result but happy with the performance of the players because we pushed them all the way to the end searching for that equaliser," McCarthy said. "We could have had it but we didn’t have the right scoring boots today. We will continue to work because there are so many positives to come out of the game. "You could see the confidence‚ the way we moved the ball around‚ the chances we created, but we must work on putting those chances away.” Meanwhile, Maritzburg are currently enjoying a three-match unbeaten run in the league, having made it two wins in a row when they overcame Kaizer Chiefs 2-0 away in their last game on 9 January. As a result, the Team of Choice are 13th on the league standings - two points above the relegation zone. Ernst Middendorp, the Maritzburg head coach, was pleased with his strikers against Chiefs and he has praised his team's fighting spirit ahead of the KZN Derby. "With Thabiso Kutumela and Judas Moseamedi, as well as with [Jose] Meza coming in, him being really effective in one against one, they can make goals out of not really a lot," Middendorp said. "Compliments to the entire team, it was absolutely fantastic fighting spirit. We have to keep fighting until the end of the season, our goal is very clear to stay in the league. “The team is prepared to fight and to come back to the level that they can play. The team has adjusted well and shown that we can be effective."