THEY might be fresh from a defeat at the hands of Kaizer Chiefs but Cape Town City coach Johannes Olde Riekerink isn’t too disheartened. This as the Dutch tactician is convinced that his side are on the up and will only get better as the season progresses. The 57-year-old reckons his charges are playing a delightful brand of football and they will win more matches than they will lose this season. He insists that his team was the better side against the mighty Amakhosi even though they ended up on the losing side. The 2-1 defeat to what seems to be a rejuvenated Chiefs, was just a bump on the road for City according to the coach. “I think we have very good players at the club and that’s why we play the type of game we play,” said Olde Riekerink. “I’m also a coach who likes to play this brand of attractive football. And we have been winning games playing this way. “We were unlucky against Chiefs, if we had used our chances we and maybe got the penalty we would have won. “We believe in what we do, we believe that with this style of play we can get the best out of our players and win more games.” The Citizens are having a decent season, currently sitting sixth on the DStv Premiership standings with 16 points from 11 matches. They have won four matches, drawn four and lost three times. Olde Riekerink will next take his side to Limpopo for a clash with Black Leopards at Thohoyandou Stadium on Wednesday (5 pm). He is hoping that they will continue performing the way they did against Amakhosi but with better luck. Olde Riekerink is also crossing fingers that new signing Justin Shonga will be able to feature against Lidoda Duvha. “What I’m happy about is that we are creating chances,” added Olde Riekerink. “In some of our previous games that was the problem, we did not create enough and shoot on the goal. “Mdu (Mdantsane) has scored eight goals as a midfielder and we have Fagrie (Lakay) who can also play on the wing. The scoring responsibilities have been on them. “But hopefully in the next game (Justin) Shonga can be able to play and try to help us.” 