The Gauteng Health MEC,
Nomathemba Mokgethi led the candlelight crossover in memory of the lives lost
due to covid-19 related complications. The moving ceremony was
held on Thursday evening, at Charlotte Maxeke hospital in Joburg - where the
first covid-19 patient was treated. At least seven health
workers have lost their lives due to covid-19 in Charlotte Maxeke hospital and
additional 48 health workers across the province since the beginning of the
pandemic. Mokgethi said the staff was
exhausted and strained but they are putting a good fight. She said: "It was a
brilliant idea that the President said we should come and honour our frontline
workers in hospitals. "For the frontline
workers that passed on in this hospital, today this candlelight is about you,
and every frontline worker in the whole province," said Mokgethi. She said: "Today we
bow heads with deep sorrow and agony, remembering those who have left us." Mokgethi said she was
satisfied with every hospital in the province that they will be able to cope
with the second wave. She said screening and
testing will further be conducted during roadblocks targeting people coming
into the province from various holiday destinations, as well as monitoring
identified hotspot areas. Meaning the hospital staff
has thanked President Cyril Ramaphosa for the ban on alcohol sales. Speaking during the
candlelight ceremony, they said the attention meant for covid-19 patients was
divided into trauma patients. Hospital worker, Edward
Kwinda said the staff was very afraid when they first dealt with cases of
covid-19. He said at least an average
of 20 patients infected with the virus were being admitted daily. He said: "It wasn't
easy, the staff was also afraid. "We are mostly concern
about the behavior of people. We are happy that the president has closed
alcohol because instead of us concentrating on Covid-19 patients we were
rushing to trauma patients. Should the president have closed earlier maybe
things could have been better," said Edward. Another worker, 
Sakhile Masombuka said: "During level 5, 4, and 3 it was quiet, but the
first day the President opened alcohol we had four deaths in that evening
during my shift. We are thankful that the president has closed the sale of
alcohol."