DAN “Dance” Malesela has revealed that returning to Chippa United was not an easy decision to make. The 55-year-old former TS Galaxy mentor had to sit down with his agent and family to discuss whether it would be a good idea to accept the offer from the Chilli Boys or not. It took them about four days to decide and in the end, Malesela was convinced that he was not making a mistake by rekindling his love-hate romance with the coastal club. He is now ready to kick-start his fourth stint with the Port Elizabeth outfit, wary of trigger-happy chairman Siviwe “Chippa” Mpengesi. Mpengesi has previously shown Malesela the door on numerous occasions, doing so after just three matches in his last stint. “It was not an easy decision to make,” admitted Malesela. “I’m one person who truly believes that I still have a lot to offer our football in Mzansi and I can’t do that sitting at home. “I had no desire to be out of work for too long and the opportunity was made available here at Chippa so I decided to come back. “It is clear that the club believes in me and my capabilities. Hopefully, I will be able to achieve all that is expected of me. “I wouldn’t really say bygones are bygones, there was no animosity to begin with. Obviously, when you leave a club you feel disappointed and maybe a bit angry but after some time you recover. “I’m one person who is unable to hold a grudge, I move on pretty quickly.” Malesela has been given the same mandate that was given to Luc Eymael after the club attempted to oppoint the Belgian as Lehlohonolo Seema’s successor. His appointment, however, was fiercely objected by the Safa due to Eymael’s racist remarks at his previous club. This has left Malesela with a difficult but “achievable” task according to the tactician, who brings with him bags of experience. “I have been impressed by the reaction of the players,” added Malesela. “They seem to be reacting well to my methods. But the only way we can be sure that they are responding well is in games. “I can’t be accurate in terms of how many games it will take for them to fully grasp my life philosophy. “But I believe there are a lot of good players in the team.. “But the secret is to get the players playing for each and team, not for themselves. If we can do that, then we can go far with this team.” Malsesela’s first match in charge will be against SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday at 5 pm.