THE PSL has once again generated R1 billion in their last financial year. The money, according to SunSport sources, came from the PSL’s sponsors, broadcast rights and cup competitions. The major boost was the new five-year partnership with GladAfrica, who now sponsor the National First Division. The new sponsorship resulted in an increase in the prizes for the teams that finish at the top of the Championship. However, the PSL had to assist clubs to finish the Absa Premiership and Championship in the bio bubble held in Gauteng last September, as clubs played behind closed doors due to the Covid-19 pandemic. While clubs lost gate-takings and hospitality money when the league was suspended in March, the PSL lost out as well as they receive a portion of those income streams. But the PSL continued to pay all 32 clubs their monthly grants despite football being suspended. With the PSL concluded in the bubble, chairman Irvin Khoza said the cost was over R100 million. “The income was pretty much the same as the previous year,” said the insider. “I know that there wasn’t a lot of profit because the money goes to the competitions, running the league and grants to the clubs.” The PSL, in its financial year in 2018-19, broke new ground at its annual general meeting (AGM) when it declared over R1 billion in revenue. This was the first time in the history of the league that it declared such a milestone revenue. The PSL statement then credited the strategies put in place under these economic conditions in both “global and South African environment”. Those revenues then had increased by 7% to a record R1, 005 billion, and was driven by the contractual increase in the broadcast rights agreement and increase of sponsorship revenue. “Last year was a momentous occasion as it was the first time a billion rand of total income was turned over by the NSL,” added the insider. “But this year’s income isn’t as much because the PSL was paying clubs while they weren’t generating anything to the league.” With DStv replacing Absa as the headline league’s sponsor, the PSL said it won’t make as much profit as DStv is reportedly paying the same amount as Absa. Also this season, the PSL lost the Telkom Knockout competition. “Basically, DStv is paying the same as Absa was paying the league,” added our insider.