ANC spokesman Pule Mabe denied claims that former president Thabo Mbeki criticised the party’s January 8 statement as too long and monotonous during the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting. During a virtual press conference, a visibly irritated Mabe said the party was not going to entertain leaked meeting information, and lashed journalists who didn’t engage the party on any issues. “There is a worrying trend that members of the media respond to ANC invitations to attend briefings, but ask questions that have nothing to do with what they were invited for. “Of course, it’s not our duty to determine to the media what their agenda must be, but the message we want to communicate should not be conflated,” Mabe said. He also defended the party for choosing Nomvula Mokonyane to communicate the January 8 statement, saying ANC leaders were chosen by party members. Mokonyane said Mbeki, like any NEC member, contributed to the January 8 statement. She said traditionally, there was a team responsible for drafting a statement and each president had his own style, and so would make additions to the statement. “Comrade Thabo Mbeki spoke in the meeting like everybody else, and made valuable contributions. “What will come out is a statement of the ANC, not a combination or compilation of what every member actually said,” Mokonyane said. She said that the meeting did not even discuss the issue of secretary-general Ace Magashule stepping down, as recommended by the Integrity Commission. Magashule is facing multiple charges ranging from corruption to money laundering, and is expected to appear again in the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court next month. She said the January 8 celebrations would take place virtually, and that various social media platforms were made available on Friday, 8 January. “January 8 has always been an important annual event for the country. “Every year, the NEC uses this moment to take stock of the political situation and balance of forces, to articulate the vision for the coming months, identify key tasks for its members and structures, and announce the theme for the year,” said Mokontane. “Unlike in the past, there will be no presentation of awards to ANC structures and leagues that performed well in the previous year.”