Health 
Minister Zweli Mkhize said the government cut out dealing with middlemen
 to procure vaccines because of fear of over-pricing, corruption and 
possible defective vaccines.  In an interview with News24, 
Mkhize said talks with one company - acting as a middleman between the 
manufacturers and the government - was abandoned when they asked for 
four times the price of vaccines offered by manufacturers directly. "There
 is a huge backlog in the whole world and some of the countries that 
have ordered five times or eight times their population requirements 
have still not gotten the exact amount of vaccines. Now it's possible 
you may fall into a trap of desperation and you can actually be 
hoodwinked, you have to be very careful of all those kind of things," he
 said. The minister said South Africa did not want to burn its 
fingers as it did less than a year ago in procuring personal protective 
equipment (PPE) and diagnostic kits amid the Covid-19 pandemic, which 
saw middlemen over-charging the government, defective stock being 
delivered and wanton corruption. "There are some middlemen who 
offered us vaccines. One, for example, offered us at the cost of about 
four times the price that we were already negotiating with the 
manufacturers. We asked them why would [they] do that, and they said, 
well, we have the stuff here with us… If it turns out it is corruption, 
who do you explain it to?" Mkhize said they had learnt from the PPE debacle and could not have a repeat of last year. "The
 second problem is that, if we get it from a middleman, we have to go 
through a long extent to verify the authenticity of the supplier. We 
just had a big problem now, when we were dealing with PPEs. We ended up 
with PPEs with difficult sizes and bad quality. "What we found 
during the PPE time, and with the diagnostic kits as well, sometimes you
 can have the company used to register the stuff, and when it is time 
for delivery, you find the stuff is replaced with something which is not
 the same as what the original company promised." "You will be hanged" Mkhize
 said formidable progress had been made in vaccine negotiations and he 
insisted the government would make good on its commitment to vaccinate 
two-thirds of the population.    One million vaccines from the 
Serum Institute of India would be delivered by the end of this month, 
while another 500 000 would be delivered next month.         