THE New Year brought new babies to mums across the country. Gauteng health department spokeswoman Kwara Kekana told Daily Sun the province welcomed 478 new babies, 245 girls and 233 boys. Lilian Motseki (31), who gave birth at Dr George Mukhari Hospital in Tshwane, said 2020 was a rough year for her but her new baby had erased her tears. “I lost my job earlier last year and I lost my father in a car accident. It was a horrible year,” she said. Lilian said she was scared to bring a baby into a world with so much sadness but she was lucky to have a supportive family and baby daddy. Nandipha Michaels (35) gave birth to twin girls at Tambo Memorial Hospital in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni, after suffering several miscarriages. “I was so scared throughout the pregnancy but I prayed every single day and it paid off,” she said. Nokthula Mahlangu (41), who gave birth to her fourth child at Charlotte Maxeke Hospital in Joburg, said Covid-19 made her pregnancy difficult. “Imagine giving birth while you’re wearing a mask and scared of your baby getting the virus,” she said. Among the first to be born was a girl delivered at Ellisras Hospital in Lephalale to a 29-year-old mother. Of the new mothers, 27 were teenagers. The Limpopo health department said it was happy to be blessed with so many new lives as the year started. “In our hospitals, not all mothers come from advantaged backgrounds. It’s important that on days like New Year we celebrate by donating to those in need,” she said. Lowazi Velaphi’s baby boy Akuminto was the first to be delivered at 12.47am.  The 30-year-old said: “I was shocked but excited at the same time that my boy decided to arrive on this special day.” Oreratile Mosweu (18) from Swartruggens welcomed at Job Shimankana Tabane Hospital in Rustenburg. Health MEC Sasekani Manzini told Daily Sun: “Let’s take this opportunity to congratulate all the mothers. “Our babies remain special and as a department, we will do everything in our power to celebrate them while at the same time protecting them, their mothers and our staff members from any risk associated with the spreading of Covid-19.” A week ago, Manzini made an appeal to all Good Samaritans to make it a tradition to visit hospitals on Christmas and New Year’s Day to hand over gifts to new babies. Unfortunately, no visiters or well wishers were allowed this year due to the pandemic.