MAMELODI Sundowns co-coach Rhulani Mokwena says they have done their research and are ready to host Chippa United in the DStv Premiership at Loftus Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). The Chilli Boys will be playing their eighth successive match away as they are taking precautionary measures after their home based, Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality, was declared as the Covid-19 hotspot. Mokwena says they are aware that coach Dan Malesela’s team will be a hard nut to crack. The Chilli Boys are enjoying a resurgence under the tutelage of Malasela. Mokwena said: “They have been in camp in Johannesburg they have had all their training sessions at Marks Park preparing for the league matches because they are playing all their matches away from home. “From a psychological perspective, we got to understand that, the sacrifices they have made of course it gives them a lot of motivation to be able to face the games because no one wants to sacrifice and then there’s no outcome concerning measuring your sacrifice. “From the mental perspective, they want to fight for the results and you can see that in their games when you watch their games it is very difficult to beat them, but they have a clear profile about how the coach wants them to play.” Last season Sundowns managed to get four points from the Chilli Boys as they draw 1-1 in the first round and Sundowns won the second round 3-0 at the same venue. Having managed to come back from behind midweek to get maximum points against Black leopards, Mokwena says they will have to dominate Chippa and get the result. He added: “We all know the philosophy of coach Dan (Malesela), it's a clear model of play that is based around having possession and dominating the ball and always creating possibilities for people on the ball to give enough ball coverage and enough possibilities for ball retention. ''And that becomes the priority for everyone on the ball and you got to understand that first because of the principles that influence the strategy.” ''But at the same time, we want to dominate, we want to find possibilities to find the spaces, that they, in their structure, present and also the spaces that we can manipulate them to create with how we want to play." 