ARTISTS are calling for Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa to resign. They launched the #NATHIMUSTGO petition on Tuesday, 19 January. Playwright and cultural activist, Mike van Graan, told Daily Sun Mthethwa didn’t deserve the job in the first place. According to Mike, the minister has failed. “There’s very little that could be attributed to Nathi Mthethwa as successes,” he said. “Given his influence over policy and funding, our talented arts sector could be so much further down the road of international, African and national impact in terms of human, social and economic development. He must go.” He said Mthethwa must never be given a second chance. PYTHON EATS PREGNANT DOG! “He’s known in the sector as the minister of condolences and congratulations, as that seems to be the only time he’s visible,” he said. Lizani Smith from House of Crew said the minister has been too quiet throughout the entire pandemic. She said he only attended one of the sector meetings where “he listened, made notes and said goodbye”. “The other times when one heard him speak to the industry rather than about the industry was at three press conferences and one interview with the Southern African Communications Industries Association,” she said. Lizani said the pandemic highlighted chaos. “The first wave of the National Relief Fund is still not finished. There are still applicants who’ve not heard a word from the department or whose applications are lost. MY FRIEND DITCHED ME FOR MAKHADZI! “The second wave is a disaster with regards to tax compliance, and the third wave was announced by a government-appointed body, the Cultural and Creative Industries Federation of South Africa, without the department making a relief fund call.” Spokeswoman for Mthethwa, Masechaba Ndlovu, said: “We have a 48-hour response time frame. We acknowledge receipt of the enquiry sent last night and will revert before the end of business on Thursday.” The acting spokesman for President Cyril Ramaphosa, Tyrone Seale, referred questions back to Mthethwa’s office.