ECONOMIC Freedom Fighters in Limpopo has put a blame on Department of Transport for the taxi violence in Polokwane. EFF has labelled the provincial department as a lazy and useless department. This comes after a clash between three rivals taxi associations over a route to Mall of the North, Seshego and Moletjie. The violence started on Thursday 14 January, leaving drivers injured as well as two taxi and a taxi owner's car burnt. EFF Limpopo chairman Jossey Buthane told Daily Sun that the department has no vision and that is the reason behind the taxi violence. "If it wasn't because of the useless department our brothers would not be fighting right now," said Buthane. He said if the department had vision and proper leadership, clear permits which shows how the associations should operate would be issued long time ago. "The department itself forms part of the taxi violence because it issues confusing permits to the associations," he said. "The department is relaxing on it's comfort zone and we see it's ignorance bringing consequences which will not be resolved anytime now," he said. He said: "We call upon the department to come out with full force and address the association's conflicts before things could turn more than worse." "The department's leadership is totally lost and it's a shame to the ruling party," he said. Buthane said they are also concerned about the commuters who are being left stranded at the streets and ranks. "It is shocking to see hundreds of commuters being left stranded while some are failing to make it to work and back home in time," said Buthane. He said a meeting between the department, SAPS and the associations was scheduled for yesterday but that did not happen. "The meeting was postponed because other two associations could not be available for the meeting which indeed shows the department's weakness," he said. "If the department knew it's duty such excuses would not be taken into account," he said. The department's spokesman Matome Moremi-Taueatsoala said the clash between the associations started last year and the department has worked hard to resolve the matter. "The department issued permits to the associations which clearly state how the associations should operate," said Moremi-Taueatsoala. "The associations then committed themselves to work according to what is started on the permits," he said. He said the department finds this current violence as a crime which needs attention from SAPS. "The criminals behind these appalling scenes will be found and get arrested," he said.