The police are concerned with people who don't respect the lockdown rules. According to SAPS spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo more people are getting arrested for breaking the law. He said on Saturday two managers from a popular restaurant were arrested in Sandton  for selling alcohol to their patrons knowing that its prohibited. "Members received information through crime intelligence about a popular restaurant in Sandton, West Street, that is selling alcohol to patrons. During O Kae Molao Operations on the 16th, police pounced on the restaurant and found the place fully packed  and alcohol served openly on the tables and lockdown regulations not adhered to,"said Masondo He said two of the managers were arrested and charged with the contravention of National Disaster Management Act. Masondo added that the Police also that they confiscated liquor to the value of approximately R600 000.00. Masondo explained that although the operation led by various stakeholders was focused in Alex, over 900 people were arrested in Gauteng for various crimes. "The crimes include  failing to confine to places of residence during curfew and failing to wear masks when ordered to do so. Other suspects were arrested during the roadblocks, tracing of wanted suspects as well as stop and search," said Masondo. Meanwhile In Silverton, Tshwane, police were conducting routine patrols on Friday after 21h00 curfew time when they noticed cars parked at a popular restaurant. "On enquiring, police found the restaurant operating and about eleven people drinking alcohol served by the restaurant. The store room was having alcohol lying around which was in the ice buckets ready to be served. The manager was arrested and charged with contravention of National Disaster Management Act," said Masondo. He said Police management in the province are concerned about people who undermine the lockdown regulations and continue contravene the National Disaster Management Act. Acting Provincial Commissioner of the police in Gauteng Major General Tommy Mthombenisaid: "Operations to enforce the regulations will be intensified in the province as long as the people fail to adhere" He said the arrested suspects will appear in various Magistrate Courts from Monday while others are out on warnings and fines.