YOUTUBER MacG has issued an apology for remarks made on his YouTube show, Podcast & Chill. On Monday, 25 January, MacG and his co-hosts, Solphenduka and The Ghost Lady made homophobic remarks on the show when they were talking about Siv Ngesi drag transformation. This didn’t sit well with the LGBTQI+ community and most South Africans, at large. Since then, the former YFM presenter was trending on Twitter, with people saying he must fall. His sponsor, Old Mutual pulled out its funding from the podcast, after people asked the insurer to. However, since then, he and Solphenduka had a sit-down with trans activist Yaya Mavundla. They then released an apology. “On Monday 25th of January, Podcast and Chill published an episode on YouTube. During the show remarks were made by our host, co-host and the Ghost Lady, which we acknowledge were very homophobic, transphobic and distasteful,” they wrote. They continued to say they will be careful from now on. ALSO READ | AWARDS TO FUND ARTISTS! “The LGBTQI+ community faces enormous challenges and violence in our societies. The hate, unfair treatment and judgement are but a few issues that the LGBTQI+ community faces. As people of influence, we ought to be very careful on how we use the influence we have not to promote any kind of mistreatment and derogatory statements or slur to anyone regardless of their sexual orientation. We do take complete responsibility and accountability for being insensitive, ignorant and offensive. Out of this experience, we have been able to learn and educate ourselves about social issues and to know where we must draw the line from what is expressed as a joke and when a ‘joke’ infringes upon someone else’s freedom. As people, we all learn from our mistakes and accept every kind of criticism, take accountability and use the situation as a lesson,” read the statement. Most people in his comments section on Twitter accepted the apology, even though some weren’t convinced by it. https://t.co/IQudbrpX4R pic.twitter.com/BWpPCD1mLI 