BENNI McCarthy’s technical team at AmaZulu has finally taken shape. After he got Siyabonga Nomvethe and former Cape Town City assistant coach Vasili Manousakis, McCarthy has now added Moeneeb Josephs to his technical team. Josephs, who played for Usuthu from 2018-19 season and until midway the last term when he was appointed as assistant to interim coach Ayanda Dlamini, is now back as the club’s goalkeeper coach. As Josephs is taking over this position, it leaves the future of Davis Phiri in doubt, who was the club’s goalkeeper coach for several years. However, the arrival of McCarthy, there was a lot of change that was going to take place. He said ex-players he played with club bosses locally are not giving them jobs and he’ll take advantage of that situation. It is why he went for Nomvethe, who had just left Uthongathi at the end of last season, and is the legend of this country as he’s PSL all time goal scorer with 123 goals. Bhele was on the bench when McCarthy’s side defeated Chippa United 3-1 in the club’s last league game of 2020 before the short break in what was McCarthy’s first game in charge. All these individuals will be on the bench when Usuthu visit Bloemfontein Celtic at Dr Molemela Stadium on Sunday. However, AmaZulu were supposed to host Kaizer Chiefs on 2 January at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium but that game was postponed as Amakhosi were out of the country playing in the Caf Champions League second leg of the second round in Angola. This game will now be played on Wednesday next week. Unfortunately, McCarthy, ahead of Celtic, has suffered a major injury as he has confirmed that Siphesihle Maduna broke down again in the same foot injury that has kept him out for this season and Makhehleni Makhaula, Sibusiso Mabiliso have tested positive for Covid-19. But the good news is that star striker Bongi Ntuli is back and he’s set to start. “We got hit with players with positive result of Covid-19 and they have to self-isolated and that has disrupted my team,” said McCarthy. “Makhaula was the first to test positive and Mabiliso was the second one, who had a fantastic game against Chippa. So we are losing one of our offensive left-back players. “Maduna fractured the same foot at training and hopefully it is not bad. Siphelele Mthembu is having a hamstring strain but we get the likes of Bongi Ntuli and that is a positive return for the team.” 