SEASONED actress Mona Skenjana is back on TV. The star, who is known for her roles on Muvhango and Skeem Saam, is excited to be acting again. The news of her return to the industry was announced on the social media pages. She said she was happy to be back after such a long time. Last year, she took some time out from the industry focusing on healing following her divorce from Khuli Skenjane, who is currently on et.v’s Scandal! In an interview with Daily Sun last year, she said she had decided to follow her ancestral calling of becoming a traditional healer. Her journey began when she visited a traditional healer in Mpumalanga, who told that she had a calling upon her life. ALSO READ: SKEEM SAAM LOSES MILLIONS OF VIEWERS! “When I was 23 I was told I had a calling and at first I was reluctant to accept, because it was all new to me,” she said. She said she has since accepted it. She said she only consulted people, who are called to her. “I don’t go to random people, but people come to me and I help them,” she said. She also said part the reason she had remained off the small screens was because last year was the ascension of idlozi. “I’m taking the time to focus on my calling first and I will return to the entertainment industry when the time is right. But now I need to focus on my calling,” she said at the time. Making the announcement of her return to TV after such a long time on he social media, Mona said she had finally healed from everything that happened in her life and was ready to get back into the entertainment industry. “First TV role in a minute. I’m excited to be back. See you back on your screens in a few months,” she said. She said she would reveal the name of the production she is working on in due time. First TV role in a minute!... ??I'm excited ?? See you back on your screens in a few months ??#Day1 #ThatsAWrap #Actress #NewRoleI'll let you know the name of the production in time... Akere suspense nyana Dali?#2021 #PowerOfWellness pic.twitter.com/oP5dvz4S7X 