Tributes have been pouring in after the untimely death of Chief Rembuluwani Nduvheni. Nduvheni (75) died on Thursday, 14 January in Mveledzo Medical Centre in Thohoyandou, Limpopo, after a short illness. The traditional leader from Ngalavhani Village was the chairman of the Ha-Rambuda Tribal Council, a well-known businessman and member of ANC, serving in various structures. One of his children, George Nduvheni described his father as a hard working person who served his communities of Ngalavhani and the entire Ha-Rambuda without a compromise. “After he had worked in different companies in Joburg, he later established his own liquor transportation company. “He returned home in 1977 and established his businesses ranging from restaurants to liquor stores and supermarkets. “He was installed as the chief of Ngalavhani Village in April 1984 and has played a pivotal role in the establishment of rural based schools in Ha-Rambuda such as Ngalavhani, Tshapinda, Dzimauli and Vele during his term as the acting senior traditional leader since 1985 to 1992,” said George. He was also staunch member of the United African Apostolic Church and has travelled to many countries. He further established various church branches and also served as a cultural advisor in the Mutale Magistrates Court. Thovhele Ratshibvumo II Rammbuda described Nduvheni as a very experienced traditional leader in the Ha-Rambuda.  He sad he used his experience to advise the traditional leadership on disputes and good governance. “His death is a great shock as we were still waiting for his advice and experience in the boundaries as well as in traditional leadership disputes and good governance. He left a big void, which will be very difficult to fill,” said Thovhele Rambuda. ANC in the Vhembe region also sent their condolences to the family. The chief has left behind his three wives Emily, Takalani and Sarah as well as his children and grandchildren. He will be buried on Wednesday, 20 January in Ngalavhani Village, under strict Covid-19 regulations.