BY his own admission, Augustine Mahlonoko has not lived up to the lofty expectations since making history as Orlando Pirates’ youngest ever debutante. Then, he was ranked among the top 60 rising stars in world football. Now that he is getting some game time at Baroka FC after joining in the preseason, the 19-year-old insists all is not lost as he is eager to make up for time lost on the sidelines, showcase his talent and fulfil his dream of playing abroad. The midfielder’s career has somewhat nosedived since Pirates, under coach Milutin Sredojevic, unleashed him at the age of 16 years and 11 months in a 1-1 draw against the now-defunct Highlands Park on 4 August 2018. “Honestly, I would say no,” the Sebokeng-born Mahlonoko said when asked if he had lived up to expectations. “I still have a lot of time to prove that it (high rating) wasn’t a mistake. This is a journey and I’m only starting. It’s a long journey and I’m taking it one day at the time.” He is working his way back to full fitness after having played his last topflight match in August 2018, prior to joining Baroka on a three-year deal during the recent off-season. Mahlonoko has featured in three of Baroka’s 10 matches this campaign. These include one against Pirates last November, which ended 1-1 at Orlando Stadium. He only played an equal number of games for the Bucs. “I have settled well,” he said. “Football wise, slowly but surely things are coming together. I have been getting some game time and working hard to be in the starting 11. With time, I will get more minutes and help the team improve.” The move might have come as a shock to the Bucs faithful considering the player’s high rating, but Mahlonoko insists: “No, it didn’t come as a surprise. I sat with the chairman (Irvin Khoza) and discussed game time. Unfortunately, we didn’t reach an agreement.” While the trend is that players feel pressure upon moving from the so-called smaller teams to the bigger clubs, Mahlonoko said his case was vice-versa. “Personally, there’s a lot of pressure for me because coming from a big team like Pirates, everyone expects me to help the team improve,” he said. – CAJ News