ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer had nothing but pride after watching players deliver yet another convincing Soweto derby win over arch-rivals Kaizer Chiefs. The Buccaneers have been ruthless in their meetings with Amakhosi this season, beating them three times already. Pirates have scored a whopping seven goals and conceded just one against their neighbours in their three encounters this season alone. They beat them 2-1 in their latest meeting in the DStv Premiership to add to their 5-0 thumping on aggregate in the MTN 8. Zinnbauer has heaped praise on his players and believes their experience in this fixture has been the difference. Players like Happy Jele, Thembinkosi Lorch, Vincent Pule and Ben Motshwari have been instrumental while Chiefs’ youngsters have struggled to assert themselves. “I saw the eyes of my players before the game that they were ready to fight,” said Zinnbauer. “When you play a game of this nature, you have to be fully committed and play as a team. “This is a derby, a special game. We have played them three times already and we have won three times. “It was not easy, you can see they have quality and they had been doing well the past few weeks. “But we have players who have a lot of experience in this fixture. They have played a lot of derbies in the past and they know exactly what it takes to win a match like this. Players like Happy, you need their experience. They have a lot of experience and they help the other players with not so much experience in this game.” Pirates will be looking to carry the momentum of their derby victory onto their next match against Golden Arrows at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium tomorrow. Bucs are closing in on the top teams and currently sit in fourth place on the Premiership table with 25 points from 15 matches. They are just five points behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns, albeit having played one game more than the defending champions. “Yes, it was a derby but the most important thing was the three points and we got that,” added Zinnabauer. “And now, we need to focus on the next game. We are happy with what we have done but it’s important to continue in the next match.”