PROTECTED witness Miss K told the Zondo Commission yesterday that between 2012 and 2018, the State Security Agency spent R1 billion to fund a parallel intelligence structure that allegedly benefitted former President Jacob Zuma. Miss K said she and her team of investigators found that the money was channelled through several projects that were created by former SSA special operations boss, Thulani Dlomo. She told the commission it wasn’t easy to determine exactly how much money was used because most operations were paid for in cash, and the record keeping was poor. She said the team conservatively estimated that a total of R1 billion was spent on operations for the central director for security operations. “These projects were used to channel SSA funds to the parallel intelligence structure engaged in unlawful operations that appear to have been primarily undertaken for the personal and political benefit of President Zuma and other high-ranking officials,” she said. She said former SAA chairwoman, Dudu Myeni, benefitted by being illegally provided with bodyguards. Miss K said when she asked project managers of Mayibuye, Wave and Construcao what the money was used for, they said they didn’t know. They had said they had not done anything the whole year, but funds were used and they went over budget. “I don’t think there has been full disclosure on the part of members of CDSO,” said Miss K. She said the project established to train VIP bodyguards was instead used to pay for procuring VIP services from private security companies. “If you had trained these people for VIP protection, what would necessitate getting a private company to provide security?” Miss K asked. She said most of the individuals recruited to these operations were drawn from KZN, and it was unclear what criteria were followed. She told the commission that cash amounts of between R1,2 million and R4,5 million were regularly taken from the SSA and allegedly hand-delivered to former intelligence minister David Mahlobo, who was reported to be making onward payments as part of Operation Justice. Operation Justice was aimed at bribing judges to rule in favour of Zuma.