The Democratic Alliance leader John Steenhuisen said the President should have re-open beaches and allow booze to be sold in some areas. He also believes that some provinces and districts must be allowed to be on level 2. After President Cyril Ramaphosa’s address, Steenhuisen said booze ban should be targeting the areas where there is a real risk. In his statement, Steenhuisen said: “Allow provincial/district flexibility between level 2 and level 3, depending on the level of pressure on hospitals. To take the pressure off trauma facilities and reduce superspreader events, target alcohol restrictions where the real risks are, but allow low-risk alcohol-related trading,” said the DA leader. He said some coastal line areas have lost business and Ramaphosa should have removed restrictions in such areas. “Lift the beach ban to bring relief to coastal economies. The holiday period is over, so the chance of heavy crowding is low,” he said. Steenhuisen said Ramaphosa should remove curfew. “Lift the curfew, these restrictions of civil liberties cannot be justified,” said Steenhuisen. The DA leader said there is a need to limit the number of gatherings to even less than 50. “Further limit gatherings where necessary. Even gatherings of 50 are too high in the high-alert areas,” he added. Steenhuisen claimed that Mzansi needs to move faster in securing the vaccine as the economy continues to suffer.  The DA alleged that some vaccine that is being manufactured in Mzansi is being exported overseas because the government is unwilling to buy. “All 300 million of the Johnson & Johnson vaccines being manufactured in Port Elizabeth will be leaving our shores to other countries since our government showed no interest in acquiring any of them,” he said. Steenhuisen said when lockdown started last year Mzansi was losing R13 billion per day. He said the cost of full vaccination to herd immune is between R8.8 billion and R16 billion. “ No amount of money and resources we throw at vaccination is too much, compared to the cost of lockdown restrictions,” he added.