CHIPPA United coach Dan “Dance” Malesela said his club will have to get used to playing home matches away from their home ground in Port Elizabeth. However, he said while it is not ideal they will need to quickly accept that all their games are being played away due to the rising Covid-19 infection in the Eastern Cape. This has been a handicap for the club this season as they last played at home against Maritzburg United in a 3-1 win in November. That was the last time the club won a match before Malesela beat his former club TS Galaxy this past weekend at Mbombela Stadium in what was his first game in the charge. It was also the second DStv Premiership win for the Chilli Boys this season which moves them to 12th position with nine points from 11 games. With on-form Swallows coming up at Dobsonville Stadium today (5pm), Malesela aims to build from that win but he realises playing away and not able to use home ground advantage it is not good for his cause. But he’s relieved that, when games are finally able to be played at their home venue in the second half of the season, that will be when they’ll need to use it to their advantage. “As a club, we need to accept the situation as it is,” said Malesela. “We need to accept that because there will come a time where we will find the joy of staying in one place and playing all our games in one place.” New signing Anthony Laffor, one of the PSL’s most successful players having won seven league titles, is eager to help Chippa to climb up the table. He says it was a good start for him to see the club finally pick up points for the second time this season. The 35-year-old Liberian international, who joined Chippa on a short term deal last after he was released by Mamelodi Sundowns last November, came on in the second half in that win over Galaxy. “The most important thing for me is to see the club win games,” said Laffor. “We’ll take the game to Swallows. We are all motivated, we are eager to play on Wednesday. Maybe we can build on from that win, who knows.”