AS A seven-year-old, Jackson survived working with his gogo in the mealie fields of the old Transvaal. In the turbulent 80s, the activist survived life in and out of prison. BUT YESTERDAY COVID, WITHOUT MERCY, TOOK ONE OF THE MOST LOVED LEADERS SINCE THE DAWNOF OUR DEMOCRACY. Jackson Mthembu’s predecessor, chief whip Pemmy Majodina, said Covid-19 robbed us of a dynamic leader. The weeping Majodina told eNCA: “I’m shattered. The pain continues unabated. I’m in Colesburg to bury another ANC member of parliament. “Now I have to deal with the news of the passing of my predecessor, comrade Jackson.” She described him as being firm in his leadership and giving her space when she took over as chief whip. “He was one of the ANC comrades you could rely on,” she said. In a message of condolence to the family, President Cyril Ramaphosa said: “Our thoughts and prayers are with his family at this time of loss. “Mthembu was an exemplary leader, an activist and life-long champion of freedom and democracy. “He was a much-loved and greatly respected colleague and comrade, whose passing leaves our nation at a loss.” ANC deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte, in a media briefing yesterday, said Mthembu had a great sense of humour and an ability to communicate easily with people and draw people into conversation. “We’ve lost a person who was loyal to the country and put the country first at all times, very loyal to the ANC and defended the ANC’s values at every turn and was able to bring quality debates to the ANC NEC based on his knowledge and understanding of the people.” Opposition parties also reacted to the passing of Mthembu. DA leader John Steenhuisen said: “During the time that we served opposite each other in the National Assembly as chief whips of our respective parties, I came to know him well and I saw a side to him that explains why he was such a revered figure in the ANC.” Steenhuisen said he saw him as a man of integrity who managed to see the bigger picture and the greater cause. “He was always prepared to do what it took to find solutions to whatever impasse we might have been facing in the House. “If this meant meeting long after the working day was done to thrash out the details of an agreement, Jackson would do so in a heartbeat.” UDM leader Bantu Holomisa said: “He was a strong leader who stood for what he believed in.” Public Works Minister Patricia de Lille said: “He was a true servant of the people, and I was always struck by his incredible empathy for people. “Extending my deepest condolences to his family, colleagues and friends.” Herman Mashaba said on Twitter: “We must not allow politics to forget our humanity. Giants are falling to this disease.”