Black Leopards will lock horns with Orlando Pirates in a DStv Premiership match at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3:30 pm CAT. Lidoda Duvha's woes continued in the league as they extended their winless run to five matches after being held to a 1-1 draw by Stellenbosch FC away in their previous game on 8 January. Therefore, Leopards remain 16th on the league standings - three points behind ninth-placed Bloemfontein Celtic, but the former have a game in hand. Dylan Kerr, the Leopards head coach, lamented his team's inability to hold onto a lead after their clash with Stellenbosch and feels that he needs leaders on the pitch. "We don't change the way we play. We don't tell the players to be on the back foot. We urge them to play on the front foot always," Kerr said. "Once you start going backwards, you are allowing pressure to come. We did it in the first 10 minutes of the second half and they hit the crossbar and we got away with that. "We need characters on the pitch to roll their sleeves up and point a few fingers and tell the few players who are not doing what they are supposed to do. That is lacking on the field." Meanwhile, Pirates returned to winning ways in the league when they claimed a comprehensive 3-0 win over Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) away in their previous game on 13 January. The victory elevated the Buccaneers to the fourth spot on the league standings - five points behind second-placed SuperSport United, who are level on points with third-placed Swallows FC. Josef Zinnbauer, the Pirates head coach, was not satisfied despite their win over Tshakhuma as he feels that his charges should show more hunger on the pitch. “We need to improve if we have the possibility of scoring more, we have to kill the opponents," Zinnbauer said. "We have to have the hunger of scoring more than three goals if we have that possibility. My feeling today is that we were not hungry [to score more]. "We were leading 2-0 and 3-0, but we went back, and we played casually. That’s the thing we’ve to work on. We need to be more offensive. We had a lot of counter-attacks, but we were too casual.” -SuperSport