MEDIA personality Khanyi Mbau is worried about the future of the liquor industry, even though she’s pleased that no trauma accidents were reported during New Year’s Eve. She stated this in a lengthy video posted on her social media platforms. “So, I have been on social media and I learnt that there are reports of zero trauma cases on New Year’s Eve. This means the trauma wards in public hospitals were empty. “That is great news. This means we have gotten to a point where we can celebrate New Year’s Eve without hurting ourselves or other people. "But, now the question is: was that because law enforcement was visible or that there was a strict curfew and no parties were allowed? I doubt that the ban of alcohol on the day the president addressed us made all the alcohol disappear; people had it in their homes,” she shared. The reality TV star reasoned that those in the liquor industry were losing their livelihoods. “I am raising this because it’s January and schools are about to open. The people who work in the liquor industry cannot go back to work and earn a living to make sure that their families are supported and taken care of,” she added. ALSO READ |ZODWA TURNS TO CHICKENS “I’m in the alcohol industry – I have a Gin. What happens to my staff; what do I do to help them live their lives and have a better year than the previous one?” Khanyi said government shouldn’t have banned alcohol completely. “I feel like maybe we need to look at another strategy instead of banning alcohol completely – maybe leave a few days open just to support the industry so that people can live. "But, if the ban does get lifted, it’s up to us to be responsible. Guys, we do have a pandemic; it’s not over. Yes, we’re over it but it’s not over. It’s actually getting worse,” she added. “It’s up to us to save each other. Drink responsibly, consume your alcohol in your house alone and wear a mask because our irresponsibility is costing families. Kids aren’t able to go to school because they don’t have uniform and books due to the ban,” she said. #AlcoholBan #level3 pic.twitter.com/pvNfr3lxAq 