“HAD the eThekwini Municipality supplied us with water tankers, our dad
would not be lying dead in a mortuary.” These were the words of the son whose father was shot and killed while he
had gone to fetch water far from his home. Dumisani Zulu (58) from Savannah Park, west of Durban, was shot and killed
by three men who were allegedly attempting to hijack his car. According to his son, Lungisani Zulu (28), the incident happened in
KwaMamdekazi in Mariannhill, west of Durban, on Friday. Lungisani said his dad was with his younger brother when the incident
happened. “Water supply was cut short in our area, so my dad and younger brother
decided to go look for it. They drove to various areas before they found water
in a communal tap in KwaMamdekazi. They were still waiting to fetch it when my
dad was approached by three men who demanded that he gave them his car keys,”
said Lungisani. His dad refused to hand over the keys. Instead, he went to his car, which
was parked a few metres away. “That is when one of the men drew out a gun and started shooting at him.
He fell to the ground. My younger brother and another woman rushed him to RK
Khan Hospital, but he died shortly after arriving,” said Lungisani. He said they blamed the incident on the municipality. “If the municipality had sent tankers in all affected areas as per the
announcement it made, my dad wouldn’t have gone out looking for water. So he
wouldn’t have been killed.” KZN police spokeswoman, Colonel Thembeka Mbele said it is alleged that on
8 January 2021 at 21:45, a 58-year-old father and his son were at Oleander Road
in Mariannhill to fetch water since there was a shortage of water in the area.
While in the area, the victims were accosted by three unknown suspects who
demanded car keys before opening fire, wounding the victim three times. “He
was rushed to hospital where he succumbed to his injuries. Charges of attempted
carjacking and murder were opened at Mariannhill police station for
investigation,” said Mbele.  