THERE is no need to panic. That’s the message from Kaizer Chiefs goalkeeper Daniel Akpeyi who has promised the club’s supporters that they will turn things around. Amakhosi have been struggling in the league this season and look like a shadow of the team that fell agonisingly short of winning the league last season. They are closer to the bottom of the DStv Premiership standings than they are to the top with some fearing the Soweto giants are in danger of getting relegated, as improbable as that may sounds. But the log table reads that the mighty Amakhosi are just a solitary point from the dreaded danger zone having managed to pick up just seven points from nine matches. Akpeyi, however, insists that a club the size of Chiefs could never be relegated and has pleaded with their supporters to have faith in the team and believe that they have what it takes to turn their situation around for the better. “It’s only normal for everyone to be panicking about our situation at the moment because it does not look good,” admitted Akpeyi. “It looks like things are not coming right. This is a big team and a big brand and we don’t want to disgrace ourselves and embarrass the club. “But I am sure that this team can’t be relegated. The response of the players will show this, we are ready to turn things around. "Relegation is not something we are panicking about at the moment. It is not something that should be associated with such a big club. “We have not been happy with ourselves. We have been down since the beginning of the season. “The changing room has been like a cemetery, very cold. But we have to change that in the next match. We have spoken as a team and this is the time to come right. We understand our shortfalls, every player understands the situation.” Akpeyi reckons Amakhosi will come good in their next match against AmaZulu which takes place at Jonsson Kings Park Stadiu on Wednesday afternoon (3pm). They will, however, have to do so without the services of their star forward Khama Billiat who suffered a cracked leg bone in their 2-0 defeat to Maritzburg United. The Zimbabwean international will be out for two months in what will be a huge blow to Gavin Hunt’s side. “I think we have not been coming right with our decisions in games but I don’t want to get into the tactics right now,” added Akpeyi. “What I do want to say is that we need to be strong mentally going into the next game. We have quality players that we can rely upon although we have let ourselves down in the past. “I’m thinking about the next game which is against AmaZulu, we are taking the pain to AmaZulu because it’s high time we start making ourselves and the fans happy.”