A TUG-of-war has allegedly broken out between former AmaZulu owner Patrick Sokhela and new boss Sandile Zungu. According to SunSport’s source, Zungu has allegedly failed to pay the balance owing on the sale of the club when he purchased AmaZulu last October through his company Zico. According to the sources, the Zungu family allegedly owe the Sokhela family a substantial amount of money. The deal, according to our source, was structured so that the outstanding money was to be paid after Zungu had sold players Bongi Ntuli, Sphesihle Maduna and Siyethemba Sithebe. With the transfer window now opened, the Sokhela family wants to cash in on these players because there are offers on the table for them. “We saw that AmaZulu won over the weekend (AmaZulu beat Baroka 2-0) and to remove these players at this stage will destabilise the club,” said the insider. “But Mr Zungu must pay the Sokhelas, because there’s huge interest in these players and he has to sell them. Sometimes, these guys (new owners) are stubborn and in football that is the last thing you must be.” SunSport has learnt that there are concrete offers in place, in particular for Ntuli, who scored during his first start this season when Usuthu beat Baroka 2-0 on Saturday, from countries such as Qatar and Azerbaijan. As for Sithebe and Maduna, who was nominated for the Young Player of the Season last term, there are clubs who want them locally. The PSL clubs are allowed to buy and sell players now that the transfer window opened on 18 January. “I don’t want to mention the clubs (interested), but there’s big interest,” revealed the source. “I don’t think it will be difficult to find them new homes. In fact there might a movement this week now that the transfer window is open. “There are people who are keen to put concrete offers on the table and buy these players immediately.” Usuthu president Zungu said he’s not willing to talk about this matter in public. “Where did you get that (information)? Unfortunately, I don’t respond to such,” said Zungu. “We can talk about other things. You can see it is nameless. I can discuss things that are open (but not this one).”