TS Galaxy held Orlando Pirates to a 1-1 draw in a DStv Premiership match played at Orlando Stadium on Tuesday evening. Masilela Phohlongo cancelled Bongani Sam’s opener to ensure coach Owen Da Gama remains unbeaten in two matches. But the share of points is not what Pirates were looking for ahead of the eagerly awaited Soweto derby against rivals Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday. Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer showed confidence on youngster Azola Tshobeni as he gave him the chance to start having impressed in their 1-0 win over Maritzburg United at Harry Gwala over the weekend. Zinnbauer rested winger Vincent Pule in the first half as he was only introduced after the break for Tshobeni who displayed a sterling performance giving Galaxy defenders a tough time whenever in possession of ball. Veteran Bucs captain Happy Jele  retained his position in the heart of Bucs defence as he added stability alongside Thulani Hlatshwayo. Galaxy new coach Owen Da Gama made only one change to the side that thrashed Maritzburg 3-0 in his first game in charge as he gave Masilela Phohlongo the chance to make his debut. He stuck to his tried and tested players like Bevan Fransman and Lindokuhle Mbatha who played under his guidance before the club was sold to Galaxy boss Tim Sukazi. Pirates meant business from the start pushing forward in numbers searching for an early goal, and were unlucky not to break the stalemate in the third minutes when Fortune Makaringe unleashed a thunderous shot that went over the bar. The Galaxy defence led by Fransman finally cracked in the 11th minutes when wingback Bongani Sam gave Bucs the opener with a tap-in from inside the penalty box following a great cross from Makaringe on the left flank. However, the goal jolted Galaxy into the match and striker Mxolisi Macuphu could not believe it when keeper Richard Ofori parried his goal bound shot to force a corner. The Mpumalanga side were finally rewarded in the 20th minutes when Phohlongo headed home the equalizer from inside the penalty box to repay Da Gama for the faith he showed in him. Bucs speedy winger Deon Hotto almost doubled the lead in the 69th minutes when he hit the cross bar with Galaxy keeper Marlon Heugh beaten.