TWO shacks burnt down at Marikana squatter camp in Philippi East, Cape Town on Wednesday, 27 January. Speaking to Daily Sun, Linamandla Giyana (15) said he was at home with his friend when the incident happened. “I had just charged my friend’s phone and was walking him out when I saw smoke coming from the direction of my home,” said Linamandla. He rushed back, but it was too late. “I tried to get help, but we couldn’t save anything because the fire was strong and there were tyres on top of the shacks,” said Linamandla. He was the only one there as his brother is still in Eastern Cape. “I am staying with my brother who went to the Eastern Cape. Residents tried to kill the fire but it was too strong. We lost everything in the blaze,” he said. Another shack that was used to play the pool also burnt. “The only thing that we managed to take out is the pool table. We are pleading with anyone who might assist us with anything to come forward,” said Linamandla. He doesn’t know what started the fire, but he suspects the illegal connections in the area. “We’re connecting electricity illegally and these wires burn every day. As soon as that happens, it leads to something like this,” added Linamandla. A resident said: “You would swear that the fire was vutha that was sent to destroy them. We saw it very early but we couldn’t contain it because it was strong.” She said they feel sorry for the family but happy that not too many shacks were affected. The City’s Fire and Rescue Services Jermanie Carelse said they were alerted of the informal structures alight in Protea Road, Philippi. “Gugulethu, Mitchell’s Plain, and Mfuleni fire crews were dispatched to the scene, the burning structure was in the Marikana informal settlement”, said Carelse. Daluxolo Naki a community leader said the only thing that will end these incidents is by getting electricity. “People cannot live without electricity that is why they decided to connect illegally, yes we are paying dearly but there is nothing they can do”, said Naki.