VETERAN forward Anthony Laffor says he refused to go out on loan when Mamelodi Sundowns asked him to because game time was going to be a premium this season. The Liberian international said then he came to an agreement with the club that it was best for both parties to go in the separate ways. That’s what happened in November and Laffor has since joined Chippa United recently on a short-term until the end of the season. Laffor, after nine years at the club, said it was about time that he left Sundowns after he won five league titles, two Nedbank Cups and two Telkom Knockout trophies. He was also at the heart when Sundowns claimed the Caf Champions League in 2016 and Caf Super Cup in 2017. He will forever be remembered for scoring a cracking strike in the first leg Champions League final in Pretoria to build a healthy lead going to the second leg final against Egyptian giants Zamalek. But injuries in recent seasons have robbed him which led to the club to part ways. “I wasn’t surprised because when I joined Sundowns other guys have left,” said Laffor who joined Sundowns from SuperSport United in 2011. “Sundowns were there for me and I think I helped the club a lot and I think it was about time for me to leave. They wanted me to go on loan which I refused and we spoke and we came up with an agreement that I should leave. “But I’m not here to disrespect Mamelodi Sundowns after all that they have done for me. The agreement was professional, I was happy.” Laffor was loved by then coach Pitso Mosimane (before he left the club in September to join Al Ahly of Egypt) because he usually rises on the big occasions by scoring crucial goals. The 35-year-old, despite having seen it all and the most successful footballer in his home country behind George Weah, says he still wants to win trophies with the Chilli Boys. But the one trophy that he’s gunning for is the MTN8 which has eluded him. The Wafa Wafa Cup is the only domestic trophy he couldn’t win after losing it in 2016 to Bidvest Wits with Sundowns. He couldn't win it either with SuperSport and Jomo Cosmos respectively. Laffor came on in the second half this past weekend when the Chilli Boys finally got a win under their belt in 2021 under new coach Dan Malesela against TS Galaxy. Chippa is next in action against Swallows FC on Wednesday. “I haven’t won the MTN8 and I think this is an opportunity for Chippa United to be in the top eight,” he said. “I think we can do it and we just have to believe in ourselves because if we win our games we are capable of being in the MTN8 next season.”