LOOTING at the State Security Agency was so common that people could walk out with large amounts of cash with no explanation. In explosive testimony at the Zondo Commission on Tuesday 26 January, acting director-general Loyiso Jafta revealed that many officials owed the agency millions of rands. He said he found the agency in this state when he arrived in April 2018. According to Jafta, officials would approach the agency for projects worth millions of rands and provide no proof they were completed. In some instances, some of the projects were illegal and outside the scope of the agency. Jafta took the stand after State Security Minister Ayanda Dlodlo previously got his testimony postponed. Dlodlo lodged a court application claiming his testimony would compromise state security but provided no reasons. Jafta said when he tried to get answers, it became apparent that systems of corporate governance were not in accordance with regulations. “That obviously led to me discovering that as a matter of fact, the money was in some cases being spent outside of the boundaries of our legal mandate,” he said. Jafta said there were instances where there was overreach by the minister, which was illegal. “There were quite clearly instances of manifestly unlawful or illegal instruction and that is something that I picked up and obviously oversight was extremely uneven. “There’s oversight by the minister, the inspector general and the legislature. “That was extremely uneven.” Jafta also revealed a slush fund was used to fund ANC factional activities. “There were monies that left the agency for the purposes of funding political activity principally within the ANC. “And often when you drill into it, it’s not funding the ANC credibly. It is to fund a particular faction within the ANC,” he said. Jafta said when the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union started becoming problematic, a union was funded to weaken it. He said the agency also investigated allegations of poisoning former president Jacob Zuma made against his wife MaNtuli, who was illegally detained during investigations.