DESPITE a terrible start in the GladAfrica Championship, Cape Town Spurs are hoping for third time luck in their quest of returning to the DStv Premiership. The club, formally known as Ajax Cape Town, failed to win automatic promotion to the elite league for the past two seasons despite leading the league for the better part of the campaign. In 2018-19 season, which was their first in the First Division, Spurs missed out on promotion/relegation play-off spot in the last days of the season as they finished fourth. Last season they were at the top until the final day of the season where they were pipped by Swallows FC to win automatic promotion. They finished second and failed to retain their top-flight status in the play-offs. This season Spurs have not had a great start as they only won one match out of eight. They played seven games without a win. Their first win of the season came last Sunday when they beat JDR Stars 2-1 at Giant Stadium. Spurs captain Thendo Mukumela scored the important brace to earn his side maximum points. The team now have six points, however, they remain at the bottom of the table with just six points after eight games. Mukumela said the win goes a long way in boosting their confidence as he vows it is about time they man up and fight for themselves. “It’s high time we man up and get the results that will take us to the top,” Mukumela said. Injuries and Covid-19 have hit the Ikamva-based outfit so hard as in their past three matches they were forced to rope in SAB League players as the core of the squad had tested positive for coronavirus. Mukumela said: “The fact that we had young and inexperienced players in the recent games can’t be used as an excuse. I think they did exceptionally well when they were thrown in the deep end.” Mukumela remains unshaken and believes his side will be competing for the title honours, come the end of the season. He said: “We failed to gain promotion twice now, but that has not knocked our confidence in any way. It’s just those setbacks we had to deal with and learn from them.” “Everyone knows there’s still a long way to go. It’s still early for title talks, but I believe if we pull ourselves in every game we’ll get to the top.” Tomorrow, Spurs host rivals Cape Town All-Stars in a Cape Town derby at Cape Town Stadium (3:30pm).