THE SA Football Players Union (Safpu) yesterday engaged with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) players to address the outstanding “issues” troubling them at the club. It is believed that the players raised their concerns with the union, seeking help on matters ranging from unpaid salaries and uncertainty over their future. It’s a known secret that TTM are currently having financial issues and it remains to be seen how will the union help them out of their miseries. The club ownership is about to exchange hands with medical doctor, Sello Ntsoko, close to concluding a R42 million take over of the club, as reported by SunSport last week. The union boss, Thulaganyo Gaoshubelwe, confirmed to SunSport that they spoke to “some players necessarily naming them” with issues that they need assistance with. “Having spoken to them, we still need to address this with management,” said Gaoshubelwe after having had another successful meeting the club bosses last year. “We cannot divulge what issues are at this point until we communicate them with management.” Things at TTM are getting worse with every match. The Limpopo side had very little to smile about since they made the step up to the top flight. They have found it difficult to swim with the big sharks and the signs are ominous for Vhadau VhaDamani. TTM are in danger of losing their DStv Premiership status merely months after they purchased it from now-defunct Bidvest Wits. They currently sit second bottom with nine points from 11 matches – having gone eight matches with a win and conceding 11 goals out of five matches and scoring two. Joel Masutha’s side have only won once this season. As a result, the pressure is mounting on former Black Leopards mentor, Masutha, with his job on the line. But he has not been helped by the club’s off-field problems, with players refusing to train and threatening to boycott matches due to unpaid salaries. He has often had to go to battle without some of his trusted soldiers as they allegedly refused to train and play until they receive what is owed to them. Nevertheless, Masutha has put up a brave face in such testing times and got on with the job at hand. “The pressure is mounting and we need to start showing up. “I have been happy with the commitment and some of the performances, but we have to do it more consistently,” admitted Masutha while revealing that his job is not in danger. “We concede early goals and our opponents don’t really open us up. We just make small mistakes that make it easy for them.” Masutha, who is fighting hard to hang on to his job, will hope that his team ease some pressure on him by pulling off a shock against SuperSport United in their next match at Thohoyandou Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm) Kaitano Tembo’s charges will prove a difficult challenge for struggling TTM. But the Limpopo side will be looking to put up a fight as they did in the two side’s first-ever meeting in the MTN8 quarter-finals, which ended 3-2 in favour of Matsatsantsa a Pitori.