WANTAWAY Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) midfielder Mokgakolodi Ngele’s future with the struggling DStv Premiership club will be decided next week. The Botswana international has not returned to Venda since he went home for the festive break last December as he wants the club to pay outstanding salaries they owe him. But a source told SunSport that Ditonkana Sello, who bought Tshakhuma for R50 million from Masala Mulaudzi, is willing to sit down with the former Mamelodi Sundowns player and solve this issue. But that will depend if the Premier Soccer League (PSL) approved the sale of Tshakhuma to Sello. “Ngele is still in Botswana but has refused to come back until they pay him his money,” said our source. “But Ngele is likely to be back this week and meet with the new owner to see if they can try to resolve this problem and for him to return to play. “Coach Joel Masutha has made it clear that he is one of the key players in the team and would love for him to come back if he still wants to play for Tshakhuma.” The 30-year-old Gaborone-born star, who joined TTM from Black Leopards this season, has been one of the trusted lieutenants by Masutha showing the fine form he displayed while playing for Black Leopards last season. Meanwhile, under pressure Masutha’s coaching job is safe, for now. A source revealed to SunSport that Masutha had a chat with Sello, who is willing to give him another chance despite the team being bottom on the table. “Sello wants to continue with Masutha as their mentor. They understand the difficult situation he has had working with the team and they want to give him a chance to start with a team of players who will be paid their salaries in time,” said the source. Masutha refused to comment on his future with the team. But SunSport learnt that everyone in the club has been instructed by the new owners not to speak to media until the sale is officially approved. Speaking to SunSport, Sello said he will be releasing a statement today to lay down his plans, and how it came about that he bought the club from Mulaudzi. Tshakhuma face Bloemfontein Celtic in their Premiership clash at Seisa Ramabodu Stadium tomorrow (5pm).