Cops in Cape Town are calling residents to assist with the information to identify the body of a woman that was found in the ocean in Sea Point. The body was close to the Sea Point swimming pool. National Sea Rescue Institute (NSRI) spokesman Craig Lambinon said there crew went to investigate on Sunday after they were notified about the incident. “At 10h53, Sunday, 10 January, NSRI Table Bay duty crew, NSRI Bakoven duty crew and NSRI EOC (Emergency Operations Centre) were alerted to reports of a body in the surfline in front of Sea Point Swimming Pool. NSRI duty crews were placed on alert and the NSRI Bakoven sea rescue raft, in the area at the time, diverted to investigate. “Unconfirmed reports suggested that a body of an unidentified female was on the beach and on investigation it was confirmed that the body of an unidentified female was still in the surfline,” he said. Lambinon said the body was recovered onto the beach by Police divers, who were assisted by Fire and Rescue Services divers, lifeguards and by NSRI rescue swimmers. Police spokesperson Noloyiso Rwexana said cops need help from the public to identify the deceased. “Sea Point police are seeking the assistance of the public after a body of an unidentified woman in her thirties was found in Sea Point yesterday morning. According to information, the deceased was dressed in a black tight and pink bikini bra,” she said. Rwexana said anyone with information that can assist the police to identify the body is requested to contact  Warrant Officer Olivier on082 759 0079 or Sea Point police on 021-430 3700. Meanwhile, Schalk Boonzaaier, NSRI Kleinmond station commander said a fisherman died after their fishing boat capsized.  His team, together cops and firefighters responded to the incident. “On arrival on the scene, it was confirmed that two men had been on a boat retrieving fishing nets when their boat capsized in the surfline. “A 29-year-old man from Grabouw had managed to reach the shore and he sustained bruising and minor injuries. A search commenced for his 52-year-old uncle, from Villiersdorp, who was missing in the water. During a search the body of the man was located and recovered in the shallow surfline along the rocky shoreline,” said Boonzaaier.