MOST clubs in the DStv Premiership are blessed with some fantastic young players who are capable of becoming the next big things in local diski. It’s been a while since Mzansi exported a player to some of the top leagues in Europe. Former Mamelodi Sundowns star Percy Tau was the latest prospect to be signed by EPL club Brighton and Hove Albion in August 2013. But the 26-year-old is yet to don Brighton’s colours as he has spent the last three seasons on loan in Belgium after failing to secure the required work permit. SunSport takes a look at some of the young prospects, who seem to have a bright future ahead of them and could launch it this season if they are given game time. For the purpose of defining “young,” we shall go with players who are under the age of 23. NKOSINGIPHILE NGCOBO (21) The diminutive Kaizer Chiefs central midfielder has been a revelation for Amakhosi this season, producing some incredibly mature displays despite his side struggles in the DStv Premiership. Ngcobo has been in the Chiefs development structures since age 13 and the playmaker is already showing signs that he could go on to be the club’s next superstar. MUSAWENKOSI MDHLULI (22) Mdhluli recently signed a five-year deal with the club after spending years playing in the Dstv Diski Challenge. He is one of the rare players to find. Mdhluli has the ability to take control of the games. Last season, he established himself as the key figure at Sundowns with the likes of Promise Mkhuma who is also now a first-team player. Without a doubt, if Mdhluli can manage to break it into the line-up when the league resumes, he’s sure to become the next best thing. JAYDEN ADAMS (18) The midfielder is another player who caught the eye while playing for the Stellenbosch FC reserve team in the DStv Diski Challenge. Adams’s exploits in the reserve league have not gone unnoticed as he has been promoted to Stellies’ first team after signing a long-term contract. The versatile player has already made a couple of appearances in the DStv Premiership this season and has shown some glimpse of what he is capable of. LUKE FLEURS (20) With SuperSport United having parted ways with veteran defender Clayton Daniels, this gives Fleurs an opportunity to showcase his talent. SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo has also solemnly made a commitment that this season he’ll blend his squad with many youngsters to prepare for the future. Fleurs already has a couple of games under his belt. Undoubtedly, he will get better with time and give SA Under-23 coach David Notoane more headache in his selection for the Olympic games to take place next year.