ORLANDO Pirates got back to winning ways after beating Maritzburg United 1-0 at Harry Gwala Stadium on Saturday. Deon Hotto netted the only goal of the game to see Pirates end the two-match winless streak. The Soweto giants have moved to fourth position on the log on 22 points from 13 games. But they might see their fourth spot taken if Golden Arrows beat Cape Town City on Sunday. Pirates came to this game without a recognised striker as Gabadinho Mhango was ruled out after he picked up a hamstring strain against Arrows in the Bucs’ previous game. The club is also without Zakhele Lepasa and Tshegofatso Mabasa who are long-term casualties and hence Hotto, Thembinkosi Lorch and Vincent Pule played upfront. Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer gave the young man midfielder Azola Tshobeni his PSL debut in place of Ben Motshwari. For Maritzburg, it was a surprising change for coach Ernst Middendorp, who in goals went with Bongani Mpandle instead of Jethren Barr. The former Kaizer Chiefs coach wasn’t happy with three goals conceded by Maritzburg’s previous game against TS Galaxy, where they lost 3-0. They suffered an early blow early in the game as Clayton Daniels, who has brought on stability in the side, picked up a calf strain and was replaced by Nazeer Allie in the 21st minute. Both these sides came to this game without getting a victory in their two games and they were looking to get back to winning ways. Pirates slowly got the grips of the game though. They were rewarded for that as Hotto got on the end of Bongani Sam’s cross to blast it home into the empty in the 40th minute. In response to that, Maritzburg offered little going forward and Richard Ofori, back to face his former club since he left them during the off season, wasn’t troubled throughout the game. Striker Judas Moseamedi got little services upfront, though he was marshalled by captain Happy Jele and Thulani Hlatshwayo. With nothing good coming for Maritzburg, Middendorp changed things around before the second half started. He made three subs and introduced Thabiso Kutumela for Allie Meza, Bongokuhle Hlongwane for Riyaaz Ismail and Daylon Classen replaced Moseamedi, who were all ineffective in the first half. The formation was then changed to 4-4-2 from 5-3-2. Things look better and they had a better attack, gaining momentum to pile on the pressure. But it wasn’t enough for the home side as they are now without a win in three games since beating Kaizer Chiefs on 9 January.