Tributes have been pouring for in for legendary jazz singer Dr Sibongile Khumalo. The 63-year-old songstress died on Thursday 28 January. Her death has sent shock waves across Mzansi. Family spokesman Bandile Mngoma told Daily Sun the world-renowned singer succumbed to a stroke after a lengthy period of being sick. “She will be missed by all who had the privilege of experiencing her music, her friendship and her love,” said Bandile. Veteran journalist Mzilikazi wa Afrika paid his tributes and said: “One of the most dynamic singers, with a voice of an angel, mama Sibongile Khumalo: she came, she conquered and gave us everlasting music.” Musician Sipho “Hotstix” Mabuse said he’s gutted. “Gutted my dear, dear friend Sibongile. I’m hurting, I have no words - an absolute icon - rest in peace.” While politician Mmusi Maimane said South Africa has lost a musical icon. “This is heartbreaking news indeed. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to the family of Mam Sibongile Khumalo, to her friends and the musical fraternity at large. South Africa has lost a musical icon.” ALSO READ | SKEEM SAAM LOSES A MILLION OF VIEWERS Actress and musician Nelisiwe Sibiya said: “Rest well, mommy Sibongile Khumalo. I am honoured to have shared stages with you and got some teachings from you which I’ll share with the ones coming after me.” Minister Nathi Mthethwa said: “Dr Sibongile Khumalo will eternally be remembered for her repertory. She was a musical genius who enchanted diverse audiences the world over. She left a legacy that will forever go down the annals of history.” Mpho Letsholonyane said it was a pleasure knowing her. “Lala MaKhumalo, Lala Mtungwa, one of the most amazing human beings I’ve ever had the pleasure of knowing, funny, witty and a gem,” she wrote on Twitter. Former Public Protector Thuli Madonsela said: “Words simply fail me regarding the passing of music icon Sibongile Khumalo. Heartfelt condolences to the family, friends, colleagues and fans. May her remarkable soul rest in peace.” President Cyril Ramaphosa said he’s saddened by her passing. “This is a moment of great sadness for all of us who were mesmerised and moved by the power, sensuality and improvisation of Sibongile Khumalo’s unique voice,” he wrote. “Not only was she an unmistakable voice on concert stages around our country and the world, but she was a voice of advocacy for the performing arts, for the rights and place of women in our society, and for human rights at large. “As a music academic, she was also a voice of instruction and inspiration to new generations of artists who had the privilege of learning from a performer who was at the pinnacle of her career. We will miss her greatly,” the president added. Jazz musician Dumza Maswana said he’s heartbroken. “I’m so heartbroken. We have lost big time. A true icon. A mother, in the true sense of the word. She loved us, she encouraged us, she was available for us, she understood us. Ndonakele kakhulu. Yini umama. I loved and respected her so much.” Dr Sibongile Khumalo, whose career in the music industry spans for over three decades, was born in Soweto in 1957. She had many accolades under her belt and her musical Journey began at the tender age of eight. She was launched into the limelight when she won the Standard Bank Young Artist Award at the Grahamstown Arts Festival in 1993. Never looking back, she has since then graced a variety of prestigious events both locally and internationally which led to former president Thabo Mbeki bestowing her with the Order of Ikhamanga (Silver).