ANGRY community members attacked and almost killed a rape suspect in Mamelodi, Tshwane, after hunting him down for days. The police rescued him from the mob. After getting a whipping from the community members, the suspect laid down pretending to be dead. As soon as the police arrived, he woke up and jumped in the van. Community members said mob justice was the consequence of committing a crime eKasi, and that the man was lucky to not have joined his ancestors. The suspect allegedly raped a 14-year-old girl on 26 December, and the residents had been hunting him down ever since. When they eventually found him, they whipped him while he continued to plead for his life. The victim’s mother told Daily Sun that her daughter was grabbed around the Riverside informal settlement and raped while on her way home from playing with her friends. “The suspect played loud music inside a shack so people couldn’t hear, and then raped her. She ran to the police station for help after the incident. We are angry and want justice – he must rot in jail.”  Community members said the suspect must never come back, and that any man who wanted to abuse women and children must think twice because they would not live to see another day. The father of the victim was heartbroken, sharing that this was the second time she had been raped. He said her daughter didn’t deserve such cruelty, and that the suspects deserved to rot in jail. The suspect who raped her last September received R1 000 bail and will be appearing at the Mamelodi Magistrate’s Court on 11 January. Tshimangadzo Mashamba, a gender-based violence activist from Young Women for Life, said it was traumatising for a child to be raped, let alone twice by different men within months of each other. She said the government had to do something to protect children and women. “The government is failing us as women. Our children are being raped on a daily basis. We need such cases to be solved urgently.” Gauteng police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said a case of rape was opened, and the suspect arrested.