SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo has warned his title-chasing side to fight until the final whistle when they host third placed Swallows FC in their DStv Premiership clash tomorrow (5pm) at Lucas Moripe Stadium. What makes this a juicy clash is that both teams head into the match level pegging on 27 points. United are second on goal difference. Both are only three points adrift of leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. Swallows are unbeaten in 13 league matches and have shown character and fighting spirit this season. The Dube Birds managed to salvage a point in the dying minutes against Sundowns and Orlando Pirates to maintain their unbeaten run. “Staying focused for the whole match is not something that we can create on match day. “It’s a mental thing that players must be prepared that we play for 90 plus minutes in every game. It will be key that the players are focused throughout the 90 minutes without fail,” said Tembo. “This is a game that can allow us to stay closer to Sundowns if we get maximum points. Sundowns had been wobbling until Wednesday’s win.” Downs needed a late injury time goal to edge struggling Black Leopards 2-1. Tembo does not hide their aspirations of topping the log. He believes this game will be a good test of character for his squad, which is dominated by young players. “The past two season we have been chasing (behind the leading pack in the standings) and I think we always had a chance to be in there to win it. We just lacked consistency,” said Tembo. “I would want us to be there (at the top) and see what happens, see if we going to be able to handle the pressure of being chased, especially with the squad we have. “I want to see if we will be able to handle the pressure.” “At the same time when you are being chased you only focus on your game, whereas when you are chasing you have to focus on your game and opponents’ game. So you actually play two games every time you play. We want to try and see how it feels to be up there (at the top) and also that will be a learning curve to our young squad.”