AMAZULU coach Benni McCarthy wants to pull away from the teams that are below his side by beating Maritzburg United in the KZN derby at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Sunday. “We want to get ourselves closer to healthy position in the league,” said McCarthy, whose side are 10th on the table ten points. “Yes, Maritzburg have had two fantastic games, with wins against Bloemfontein Celtic and Kaizer Chiefs, this means the stakes are high. Their camp is probably spirited because they have picked up six points from their last two matches.” However, if AmaZulu wants to beat Maritzburg, they’ll have to do so for the first time since 2014. Usuthu’s record in this tie is horrendous as they have not beaten the Team of Choice in the last eight league matches. The last time they got one over them was a 3-1 victory in March 2014. Ever since then, Usuthu had found it tough to beat Maritzburg, who has won four and drew the other. With Middendorp having immensely improved the team’s morale with the last two wins to move away from the bottom of the table, Maritzburg are in better shape than AmaZulu. Benni McCarthy’s side lost 1-0 to Chiefs in their last game. McCarthy lamented they lacked the sharpness even though they were superior in position. To rekindle that sharpness back, McCarthy needs to find a room for Bongi Ntuli, who has recovered from the foot injury. Ntuli was the go-to-guy for the club last season as he scored 13 of 20 league goals the Durban-based side. McCarthy, who vowed that he wants to make Ntuli a top striker in the PSL, admitted that he’s got nice headache to choose in his frontline as Siphelele Mthembu, Lehlohonolo Majoro and Augustine Mulenga have done well so far. Another good news for Usuthu is that Siphesihle Maduna has also recovered from the foot injury. “As a coach it is what you can ask having the best players available and these are two exciting players that know their way in the PSL,” said McCarthy. “I’m looking forward to see how they fit in and where I can slot them on Sunday because they might play a crucial part in us this season.”