THE CRL Rights Commission heard chilling allegations against the leader of the International Heaven Fellowship Church, Prophet Samuel Paul Heaven. The allegation included rape, manipulation, arranged marriages and financial exploitation. The commission began holding investigative hearings on Thursday, 21 January and will continue until Friday 22 January. The first to give his testimony on allegations and abuses said to have taken place at the church was former church member, Pastor Fabrice Mbikayi. He told the commission that he joined the church 2018 but first heard about rape allegations in October last year. He said one church member came to him and told him that two young girls had been raped by Prophet Samuels. He accused the prophet of preying on young girls in church by offering them services in the church as ushers or worshippers. “Once they agreed, he would tell them they need to service the church full-time but to do so they need to stay in the mission house with him full-time,” he said. Mbikayi said he would start with his “sinister things” once they moved in. “He would call them to his office one by one and he would do whatever he wanted with them. Then he would tell them not to say anything to any one because they will have demons,” said Mbikayi. He said one case of rape was reported to the police, but the other girls were scared to come forward. He told the commission there were more than four girls he knew of who had been raped by the prophet. Mbikayi further accused the prophet of using dreams to scam people. He said he made people dream about giving him their belongings. “After having a dream of donating something, the following day you would go and donate that thing. One woman dreamt about donating her brand new car to the prophet and the following day she went to donate it. “She was paying the car in instalments, even when the car was with the prophet,” he said. Another witness, Sonia Joseph, told the commission the prophet made her and her husband sell all their belongings and bring the money to him. Sonia said they did that and moved in him, as instructed. “I came with my husband, our eight-year-old daughter, sister-in-law and mother. He would give us instructions and threatened us that if we don’t follow his instructions we will die or something bad will happen,” she said. The commission said they will call the prophet to hear his side of the story before they make their own judgment.