BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach, John Maduka, says he has a plan up his sleeves to ensure his charges register their first DStv Premiership win of the new year. Siwelele have a date against the high riding SuperSport United at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday (5pm). The last time Celtic won a match was on 16 December last year when they beat Baroka FC 2-0 at home. But since then they have drawn twice (1-1 with Kaizer Chiefs and AmaZulu), lost one match (2-1 to Maritzburg United). Maduka is aware they won’t have an easy passage to glory against a Matsatsantsa a Pitori side who are high in confidence following a 3-0 demolishing of TS Galaxy at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. The victory cost Galaxy interim coach Zipho Dlangalala his job as he was shown the door and replaced by Owen Da Gama yesterday. The soft-spoken Maduka said he will take plenty of positives from their draw with Usuthu at Dr Molemela Stadium on Sunday to ensure they turn the corner. Celtic occupy 10th spot on the league table with nine points from the same number of matches, while SuperSport are third with 19 points. Said Maduka: “We played well, kept the ball and had better control of the game in midfield. But most importantly we created so many opportunities. But if it’s not your day (to win), there is nothing you can do. “We expect a tough game on Wednesday. SuperSport are doing well and they have a good coach (Kaitano Tembo). It’s always tough to play them, but we will put a team together that will compete.” Maduka said they can’t afford any more slip-ups if they are to finish the season in a respectable position. “It’s important to collect points early because the second round is difficult. We need to defend better than we did when we conceded against Maritzburg,” he said. “We must rectify our mistakes because if we can’t defend we won’t win games.” Maduka has an idea on how to deal with SuperSport’s deadly strikers Bradley Grobler and Thamsanqa Gabuza. who scored a brace against Galaxy. “It’s not easy to deal with a player of Grobler and Gabuza’s calibre. We need to defend crosses because they are also good aerially. But we have Mahashe (Mzwanele), Lingwati (Thato), Pfumbidzai (Ronald) and Justice Chabalala, who know how to deal with them. We need to be disciplined and concentrate because you can’t sleep when you play against Gabuza, Mahachi (Kudakwashe) and Mokoena (Teboho). But they should also be worried about us,” added Maduka.