Rappers Cassper Nyovest and AKA have cancelled their most anticipated boxing match. This is according to Cassper on Twitter. The Good For That rapper said the fight won’t happen because they couldn’t come to an agreement. A fan asked him why they cancelled it and he said he got bored because there were too many egos. He wrote: “We couldn't come to an agreement with the business. Too many chefs and egos at play, I got bored. I am very disappointed because that would have been a great piece of entertainment.  It's a good thing for him though, I would have hurt him very badly. Trust me!” Cassper still maintains that he can defeat AKA in the ring though. He said the only people who would defeat him in the ring are professional boxers. “I hate that this fight isn't happening anymore because I’ll have to deal with people like you forever. I wanted to shut your mouths. There was absolutely no way your guy was going to win. I'm a bad man in that ring. The only guys who would beat me are guys who box for a living not for fun,” he wrote. ALSO READ | KUHLE'S ON A MISSION! When asked what he would do if AKA fought with him in the streets, the rapper said he’d walk away. “I’m going to walk away and protect my brand like I always do. I will only fight in a boxing ring because it’s a legal sport. I don't want a bad record. I have worked too hard to mess it all up with brawls in the street. If you want to see me, let’s meet in the ring and box,” he said. Fans of the rappers were looking forward to the boxing match. However, the rappers hadn't set a date yet and the details of the fight had been sketchy. Last year, AKA said the fight would take place in 2021, but Cassper is now saying otherwise.I hate that this fight isn't happening anymore cause ima have to deal with people like you forever. I wanted 2 shut ur mouths. There was absolutely no way your guy was gonna win. I'm a bad man in that ring. The only guys who would beat me are guys who box 4 a living not for fun. https://t.co/7SGkGioaiV  We couldn't come to an agreement with the business. Too many chefs and Egos at play, I got bored. I am very disappointed cause that woulda been a great piece entertainment!!! It's a good thing for him doe, I woulda hurt him very badly. Trust me!!! https://t.co/D5kIQCpEnH  I'm gonna walk away and protect my brand like I always do. I will only fight in a boxing ring cause it's a legal sport. I don't want no bad record on my name, I have worked too hard to mess it all up with brawls in the street. If you wanna see me, let's meet in the ring and box. https://t.co/DvRWgtPEDL 