CHIPPA United coach Dan “Dance” Malesela has admitted that his side do need some strengthening when the second transfer window of the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season opens. The Chilli Boys next face unbeaten Golden Arrows at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm). Malesela might have only walked through the door a few weeks ago, but he has already identified a few areas that will need some reinforcements in the transfer window, which will run from 18 January to 21 February. The 55-year-old, who is in his fourth stint in charge of the Port Elizabeth outfit, is hoping to make a bigger impression this time around, having previously struggled to meet expectations. He has been given the mandate of finishing in the top eight, a challenge that he has accepted and believes is achievable if given all the resources required to do so. Malesela reckons he has a lot of good players at his disposal already, but feels he will need a few more through the door to help in the club’s quest for a top-eight finish at the end of the season. He insists, however, that the players they will be signing will be of high quality and nothing less. “We are looking at particular areas. I don’t want to get crazy and just bring players for the sake of bringing them,” Said Malesela. “I want us to be very selective where we need to beef up. After my first game in charge, I have noticed something that has triggered me to add one more player. “We will be looking at the market with a keen eye. We know that players are hard to find. They need to be top performers.” The Chilli Boys announced three positive Covid-19 tests among their players and a member of coaching staff ahead of their last match against SuperSport United, which ended in a 2-2 draw at Lucas Moripe Stadium. The club identified the players as goalkeepers Mlu Mazibuko and Ismail Watenga, and assistant coach Siya Gwambi also returned a positive test. This forced Malesela to promote youngster Kwanele Nkabi to the senior team following his sterling performances in goal for the DStv Diski Challenge team. But Malesela said the club was in no crisis as far as the goalkeeper position is concerned, despite the departure of former captain Veli Mothwa, who joined AmaZulu.