A 17-YEAR-OLD boy from Browns Farm in Philippi, Cape Town, died in a fire on the morning of Saturday, 30 January. Luyolo Malambile told Daily Sun he was sleeping when he heard people shouting. “At first I thought it was drunk people going home, or that there was a fight, until I heard people saying there’s a fire,” said Luyolo. He ran outside and saw a house burning. “It was around 4am. At the time everyone was sleeping, and the victim doesn’t even drink,” said Luyolo. They tried to contain the fire, but it was too strong. Another resident said the victim was left with two siblings: a 15-year-old and a one-year-old. “The younger brother told us they had a fight before the fire and he decided to go and sleep at their neighbour’s house, taking the one-year-old with him,” said the resident. He said they were shocked by how the fire happened. “This is strange, and to me this fire was sent to kill all these kids. God planned that they fight. Otherwise they were all going to die.” When the SunTeam got there, residents were still trying to figure out how to tell the mother. “When the incident happened the mother wasn’t there. She was still at work as she was working the night shift. We don’t know how we’re going to tell her about the fire that killed her son,” said the resident. Nozuko Mdunyelwa (40) said the fire only burned that shack. “This alone shows this isn’t just any fire. It was an evil fire sent to kill her three kids. Even though it’s painful to lose a child, she must be grateful the two are still alive. She could have lost all three kids.” She said the victim was a good boy who loved everyone. “We didn’t even hear anything. I think he was killed by the smoke because it’s clear the fire started while he was fast asleep,” said Nozuko. Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said a death inquest has been opened for investigation after a fire on Saturday morning at Siyahlala squatter camp. “A 17-year-old boy died in the incident. The cause of the fire is yet to be determined,” said Rwexana.