HERE we go again! Guess what? African football is back to its old dirty tricks again, and the greed raises its ugly head again. Surprise, surprise, Malagasy Ahmad Ahmad has been restored as Confederation of African Football (CAF) president. This is following his appeal of the five-year ban in all football related activities, imposed by Fifa. Ahmad filed an appeal through the Court of Arbitration in Sport (CAS) and his hearing date is set for 2 March, at the latest 3 March, in his rush to stand for re-election as CAF president, though still ineligible. The CAF elections are set for 12 March in Rabat, Morocco, where South African Patrice Motsepe, supported by the Cosafa region, has been declared eligible by Fifa to stand for election after being subjected to further review, but won the appeal.  He is among the four other candidates comprising Ahmed Yahya of Mauritania, Augustin Senghor, the president of the Senegal FA, and Ivory Coast's Jacques Anouma. Now with Ahmad back in the picture, it gets a bit messy as the Madagascan can now remotely have influence at the Cairo Headquarters as he fights Fifa on this one. In essence, by virtue of his reinstatement, it should not come surprise when Ahmad attends the Championship of Africa Football (CHAN) final next weekend in Yaounde, Cameroon. In a statement on Friday, CAS said due to a "risk of irreparable harm for Ahmad if the disciplinary sanction is maintained during the period prior to the CAF elections, the CAS Panel has upheld the request to temporarily stay the effects of the decision of the Adjudicatory Chamber of the Fifa Ethics Committee until the day that the final CAS award is issued". "However, the Panel has emphasised that such temporary decision does not prejudge in any way the decision it will take after analysing the merits of the case, once the written proceedings and the hearing have been completed," said CAS in a statement." "With his statement of appeal requesting the annulment of the Fifa decision, Ahmad filed a request for provisional measures in order to be able to participate in the elections of CAF on 12 March." CAS said in agreement with Ahmad and Fifa, "the CAS initiated an expedited procedure and has fixed the hearing date for 2 March 2021 (with a reserve day on 3 March 2021)". The CAS panel promised to render the final award shortly after the hearing on 2 March (before 12 March). 