THE Caf Confederation Cup second leg between Bloemfontein Celtic and Nigeria's Rivers United FC will be played this weekend in Benin. The Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) confirmed last week that they have had successful talks with the Benin Football Federation (BFF) who gave consent for the match to be played at the French-speaking West African country this Saturday. Nigeria's Rivers United, based in Port Harcourt, forced the postponement of the Celtic match, which was scheduled at the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium on 6 January, following the country's Covid-19 restrictions. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) requested Celtic to be quarantined for seven days before the match earlier this month, but Phunya Sele Sele refused to be isolated, which led to the match being moved and the matter referred back to the Confederation of African Football (Caf) for a decision. As reported in SunSport last week, Caf gave consent on 10 January for the match to be played at a neighbouring country to Nigeria with more lenient Covid-19 protocols regarding travelers coming from South Africa. And Benin opted to welcome South Africans. In a letter seen by SunSport, Nigeria's Danlami Alanana, head of Inter Clubs, said: "... we have written to the Benin Republic Football Federation requesting for the approval to play the match in their country, which they have consented." With the rising Coronavirus cases in South Africa, some international countries have adopted to momentarily prohibit visitors from Mzansi, which by indication Nigeria is one of them, from visiting their area. Celtic chief execUtive, Khumbulani Konco, confirmed to SunSport that they will honour the fixture, even played at a neutral venue. Caf emphasised that the designations of referees will be maintained and Rivers United will take charge of all organisational expenses in Benin, as the host club "and to ensure that the visiting team has the approvals for the entry in the neutral country". The African football body cautioned that with player registration period having opened on Sunday, Celtic and United will not be allowed to field any of the players registered during this period for this match. Rivers United hold a 2-0 lead over Celtic after having defeated the South Africans at home on 23 December last year with goals coming from Godwin Aguda and Fortune Omoniwari. Following their 1-1 DStv Premiership draw against Stellenbosch at the weekend, Celtic are due to play defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns on Tuesday, and on Saturday were scheduled to face TS Galaxy. By all indications, the TS Galaxy will have to be moved to accommodate their African safari.