RECORDS SHOW Shonisani Lethole wasn’t offered food for more than 100 hours and 54 minutes. While in hospital, the dying man even reached out to Health Minister Zweli Mkhize on social media, saying:  “I’m being starved.” BUT HE DIED BEFORE GETTING ANY FOOD! Health ombudsman Professor Malegapuru Makgoba has recommended disciplinary action be taken against 19 staff at Tembisa Hospital for the negligent manner in which they cared for Shonisani Lethole (34). He announced in Tshwane on Wednesday, 27 January that Lethole was admitted in June with breathing problems and died before receiving test results. He’d tested positive for Covid-19. GANGSTER GOGO WANTED! Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize had lodged a complaint with Makgoba and an investigation was launched. Makgoba said the care rendered to Lethole was substandard and negligent. He found that he was starved for four days. “They first failed to offer him food when he arrived on the 23rd, to the time when he was admitted to ward 23 on the 24th around midnight when he started to have food the following day,” said Makgoba. “The second time was when he was on ventilation and nobody inserted a nasogastric tube. He was never fed until he died.” The tube removes or adds substances to the stomach. Makgoba said doctors and nurses conceded they were negligent and uncaring. It took about 69 hours and 19 minutes before two registered medical practitioners assessed Lethole’s condition since admission at the casualty Covid-19 isolation ward. KILLED BY BABY DADDY! “Medical practitioners were on call as indicated by the roster on the day of his admission,” he said. He recommended an independent forensic and audit firm be appointed to conduct a competency assessment, as well as a disciplinary inquiry against CEO Dr Lekopane Mogaladi and the accounting officer. He said Mogaladi failed to report missing clinical notes to police as required by law. He said Tembisa Hospital shouldn’t have been designated a Covid-19 hospital.  “Management at the hospital had not done their job,” he said. He said the hospital’s medical team must take responsibility for the substandard, negligent care provided to Lethole. Shonisani’s dad, Albert, tried to speak to the media after the briefing but was overcome by emotions. His mother Patricia read a statement from the family. She said: “Although at first it was said he was fed, it shows Shonisani was speaking the truth and, in fact, was not fed.” 