MZANSI is mourning yet another loss of a prominent politician who allegedly succumbed to Covid-19 related complications. COPE announced yesterday that former defence deputy minister, Mluleki George, had died. The 72-year-old former International Rugby Board and South African Rugby Union board member also served as COPE treasurer-general. Although COPE didn’t release the date and cause of death, Safa chairman Danny Jordaan told News24 Covid-19 killed George. COPE spokesman, Dennis Bloem, said George’s death was a big loss for the country. “Mluleki gave everything to see his people and the country free,” he said. “Indeed, the country has lost another patriot who loved his country.” Bloem said George was at the forefront of dismantling apartheid in sports, was a fearless fighter, and was a founder member of the United Democratic Front in the early 1980s. COW KILLS AND EATS TEACHER! “He was elected to represent the ANC in Parliament after the first democratic elections,” Bloem told Daily Sun. “Mluleki was also a founding member of COPE. “We can never forget the huge contribution that comrade George made in our struggle to free this country.” The South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee also paid tribute to George, describing him as a distinguished and decorated anti-apartheid icon. It said George leaves behind a rich contribution to the sports fraternity. Sascoc said the late George was a consummate politician and inspirational leader with a decorated career in both the sporting and political arenas, among his many achievements. “He played an integral part in the unification of South African sport in the early 1990s and served as National Sports Council president and United Border Rugby Union from 1991 to 2001. “May his soul rest in well-deserved peace.” ANC spokesman, Pule Mabe, told the People’s Paper: “The ANC is grateful for his service to the nation and for his role in the creation of a free and democratic South Africa. “We’d like to convey our heartfelt condolences to his family, friends and all freedom-loving people of South Africa. “We hope that they’ll find comfort and strength in the knowledge that the nation shares their grief.”