BENNI McCarthy wants to see goals galore in the Soweto Derby between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). The AmaZulu coach, who might be conflicted because he grew up supporting Chiefs but played for Pirates, didn’t want to choose who he prefers to win in today’s Derby number 172nd. While McCarthy couldn’t reveal who he wants to see win, his club leapfrogged Chiefs to seventh on the log table after beating Stellenbosch FC 3-1 in a come from behind victory at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Friday. Usuthu moved to seventh with 18 points and one place above Chiefs by virtue of superior over Amakhosi, who moved to eighth spot on the log table. Deep down McCarthy will want to be on top of Chiefs come the end of the match. In the previous years, the Derby become a dull draw affair game after so much build up prior, but in the past six games in all competitions, there have been goals. McCarthy’s wish might be granted as both sides are also scoring goals this season. “Both teams are in the decent form. They are in good position in the league,” said McCarthy. “Chiefs have found the new revival and that is always good for the Soweto Derby when both teams are on fire, both teams are on a bit of a roll. “But all I want to see is an entertaining Soweto Derby with goals.” Goals are what McCarthy provided in the Derby when he was with Pirates. He was involved in an entertaining Soweto Derby in what was his Derby debut when he scored twice on 17 March 2012 at FNB Stadium to see the game end 3-2. On that day, Pirates scored all three goals in the space of 24 minutes in the first half which another goal coming from Andile Jali. Chiefs though stormed back. Two players McCarthy is coaching now at AmaZulu, (Siphiwe Tshabalala 33rd minute and Lehlohonolo Majoro 69th), made it an intense ending for the home side. “I can’t watch a Soweto Derby with a goalless draw. I’m asking for good football and may the best team win,” he added. “Because at this moment, I played for one and I supported the other as child, so, for me, I’m either way.”