THE restructuring of the National Loan Guarantee Scheme to
improve accessibility to small businesses and the extension of basic income
relief to the unemployed who do not receive any form of state assistance. These are some of the suggestions put on the table by the
ANC national executive committee lekgotla as announced by President Cyril
Ramaphosa at the close of the three-day meeting on Sunday evening. Ramaphosa admitted that the R500 billion stimulus package
which he unveiled at the beginning of the first lockdown has up to so far not
benefited the small, medium and micro enterprises for a number of reasons but
didn’t state any. “This initiative was meant to assist businesses in our
country so that they would not need to retrench employed people. We have now
lost more than 2 million people’s employment. And we, therefore, need to
revisit this scheme, restructure it fundamentally and make sure that what the
government initially offered together with the participation of the central
bank, which will be channeled through the commercial banks should still happen,”
said Ramaphosa. He added that the meeting stressed implementation should be
in this year and acknowledged that the current economic reforms must not only
address immediate challenges but lay the basis for the achievements of the
broader transformation objectives. “The lekgotla stressed the need importance of moving
strictly into implementation. In other words, we are moving the gear of
implementation up a higher level where we want to focus on implementation and
where there is no implementation there should be consequences for management “The lekgotla has agreed that, in the context of the
continuing COVID pandemic, we need to consider the extension of basic income
relief to unemployed people who do not receive any other form of state
assistance. This would depend on the state of public finances and that there
should be a clear exit strategy,” he said. He said obviously the meeting has stressed the priority of
defeating the coronavirus pandemic which continues to batter the economy and
take more lives. Ramaphosa said as the governing party and its alliance
partners were preparing for local elections, it was important to nominate
competent cadres with integrity. 