Cape Town City will look to become the first team to claim a win over Golden Arrows in the DStv Premiership when the teams meet at Cape Town Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3:30pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). City ended a three-game winless streak by defeating Black Leopards 2-0 away from home in midweek. Winger Bradley Ralani netted in the 31st and 84th minute as the Cape side moved into fifth place – seven points adrift of Premiership co-leaders Mamelodi Sundowns and Swallows FC. Jan Olde Riekerink became the first Citizens manager to win at Thohoyandou Stadium and insists that sticking to their principles and way of playing – even through dry spells – is what satisfies him even more than the victory itself. “I think there is a good balance, the players feel very comfortable on the ball. We train a lot on how to play together, and the players have the technical skills,” said the Dutchman. “I am a coach who likes to play this way, and we won games in the past. We believe in what we are doing and we can win games with the way we are playing.” Arrows extended their unbeaten start to the season to 11 matches when they held Orlando Pirates 0-0 in Soweto in midweek. The result sees the Durban side remain in the exclusive club of teams which have yet to taste defeat this season (alongside Sundowns and Swallows), and they are placed an impressive fourth on the log – ahead of City on goal difference. Manager Mandla Ncikazi explained that the collective strength of their team has shone through and underpinned their fine showing thus far in 2020-21. “Opportunities that are given to people like us and the players the respect that they give, the unity among the team, the unity in the technical team, it just comes out like that. We don't have superstars, everybody in the team is a superstar,” explained the Arrows boss. In head-to-head stats, City and Arrows have met in eight league matches since 2016-17. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed three wins compared to two for the Citizens, while three games have been drawn. The Cape side have recorded one victory, two draws and one defeat from their four home matches in the rivalry. City took four points off Arrows last season, with a 1-1 draw at Cape Town Stadium in September 2019 followed by a 4-1 away win at Ellis Park in August 2020 in which Fagrie Lakay scored a hat-trick of goals for the Citizens. -SuperSport