NURSES are expected to continue living up to the teachings of Florence Nightingale. But it turns out some have chosen to become fraudsters and steal from the very patients they’re meant to care for. Two nurses from different hospitals in Durban, KZN are in jail today. The allegedly defrauded a patient and continued doing it, even after the patient had died. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele said the accused nurses, aged 40 and 45, one from St Augustine’s Hospital and the other from a private hospital in Umhlanga, went on a shopping spree with the bank card of a patient. “The patient was admitted to St Augustine’s Hospital, where the 40-year-old accused works,” said Mbele. She said the matter was reported to the police by a complainant who was a business partner of the patient. “According to the complainant, he noticed that his business partner’s card was being used while he lay in the hospital and it continued to be used after his death,” said Mbele. She said according to the bank statement, one withdrawal was made inside St Augustines Hospital, but the hospital’s video footage was not clear enough. “The investigating officer from Umbilo cop shop continued with his investigation by visiting stores where purchases were made. “One of the stores was Glenwood Spar and their video footage confirmed the card was used by accused number one as he was seen dressed in full uniform,” said Mbele. “He was then arrested and some of the goods he purchased were recovered. “He told police the card was with his friend, accused number two.  Mbele told Daily Sun that accused number one was a repeat offender. “He’s also wanted by the Bellville police in Cape Town for a case of fraud. “Accused number two has also previously been arrested for a case of fraud,” said Mbele. She said it is alleged that the pin code to the card was saved in the deceased’s cellphone that was later recovered at a second hand cellphone shop in Point Road. “Mbele said the two nurses, who were arrested on Wednesday, briefly appeared in the Durban Magistrates Court on Thursday. “Their case was postponed to 20 January for a formal bail application.”