The year 2021 in the DStv Premiership will get off to a thrilling start when champions Mamelodi Sundowns play host to fellow unbeaten team Orlando Pirates at the Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Saturday 2 January. Kick-off is at 3.30pm CAT. Sundowns ended off 2020 in the Premiership with a 1-1 draw away to Golden Arrows on December 19, a match which featured a debut goal from midfielder Mothobi Mvala and saw them remain unbeaten in the league. The Brazilians may only top the log on goal difference ahead of Swallows FC, but it has still been a great start to the defence of their title. They were also winners in their first CAF Champions League clash of the 2020-21 edition, defeating Botswana’s Jwaneng Galaxy 2-0 in Lobatse on December 22. Mvala netted again, while Peter Shaulile was also on the score sheet. Orlando Pirates will represent a stern test for ‘Downs, but co-coach Rulani Mokwena insists that their approach remains the same: “We come to a match with the expectation to win and that has been our motto this season, we take it one game at a time. We want to win every single match,” explained the young tactician. Mokwena also backed Mvala to become even more of a force in 2021, with the former Highlands Park man needing more time to adjust to the Brazilians’ way of doing things. “Mvala did his best and has a lot to offer the team, still in the adapting phase in trying to induct him to the way of Sundowns play,” added Mokwena. “He comes from a different style of play. For a goal in his start that should be encouraging for him. A lot needs to be done in terms of adapting to the game model.” Pirates, meanwhile, were last in league action on December 16 when they defeated Chippa United 1-0 at home, thanks to a late goal from Fortune Makaringe. The Soweto giants are unbeaten, in fifth place and five points off the pace of Sundowns, though they have a game in hand on all but one of the teams ahead of them and can be considered legitimate title contenders. They too were in African club action just before Christmas, defeating Angola’s Sagrada Esperanca 1-0 in Luanda in the CAF Confederation Cup on December 22 thanks to a goal from Thembinkosi Lorch. "We have to turn our focus to Sundowns after Christmas and between Sundowns and Swallows is the second leg [against Sagrada Esperance] and I hope we do very well like we did [in the away game in Angola],” said Buccaneers coach Josef Zinnbauer. The Pirates mentor continues to shrug off talk of a title challenge: “We don’t speak about this right now, it’s too early. We have opportunities, but it is a long, long way and long fight." In head-to-head stats, Sundowns and Pirates have met in 71 league matches since 1985. The Brazilians have claimed 30 wins compared to 21 for the Buccaneers, while 20 games have been drawn. The Tshwane side has won 14 of 36 home matches in the rivalry, suffering 10 defeats in the process. Pirates took four points off Sundowns last season, winning 1-0 at the Orlando Stadium in January 2020 before a 0-0 draw in the return game at Dobsonville Stadium in August 2020 – the latter match was the first in the ‘bio bubble’ which finished the 2019-20 campaign. -SuperSport