POLICE divers in the Southern Cape are searching for a two-year-old girl who went missing after an accident on Thursday afternoon (21 January). Police spokesman Captain Malcolm Pojie said a 34-year-old mother who was travelling with her two kids lost control of the vehicle and drove over a cliff into the ocean. One of the children, an eight-year-old boy, managed to get out of the car with minor injuries but the mother died and the two-year-old has been missing since then. “At first light, the search for the missing girl resumed with the deployment of police divers and emergency personnel on land and sea in the vicinity of Voelklip as well as the Herolds Bay beach area. “The search and rescue operation commenced on Thursday, 21 January at about 12pm after authorities were alerted of a vehicle that went over a cliff. “Preliminary investigations reveal that the driver of a white Fiat, with two occupants, drove over the cliff. “But an eight-year-old boy managed to disembark from the vehicle. Unfortunately, the 34-year-old driver mother of both occupants as well as the two-year-old girl disappeared in the water,” said Pojie. Western Cape Government Health’s Emergency Medical Services spokeswoman Deanna Bessick also confirmed the incident, which she said occurred along R404 road around on Thursday afternoon. “Two rescue vehicles are currently at the scene, as well as AMS who are assisting with the search for the two-year-old. The eight-year-old boy is safe. “He sustained mild injuries and he is receiving medical treatment. Unfortunately, the adult female sustained fatal injuries. We would like to extend our sincere condolences to the friends and family of the deceased,” said Bessick. Pojie said police divers, NSRI, Metro Emergency Services, ER 24, Saps members and K9 and an AMS rescue helicopter were dispatched to the scene. “The body of the mother was retrieved from the ocean by NSRI divers and police divers later,” said Pojie. The George police have opened an inquest docket for further investigation. The search for the missing girl is ongoing.