MARITZBURG United have sold defender Rushine De Reuck to Mamelodi Sundowns for an undisclosed fee. De Reuck, according to SunSport sources, took Friday morning flight to join the Tshwane giants who are desperate for a defender at the moment as they are short at the back ahead of the Caf Champions League group stages that starts next month. Defender Motjeka Madisha passed late last year in a car accident, Brian Onyango, Ricardo Nascimento are all injured. Rivaldo Coetzee, who can also play at the back, is also injured. “De Reuck left the club this (Friday) morning to join Mamelodi Sundowns,” said an insider. “We were all shocked when we arrived at the training this afternoon that he’s gone.” Maritzburg chairman Farook Kadodia, in recent years, has toned down his resistance in not holding off his best players provided that the deal meets his demands. De Reuck was the player he wasn’t willing to let go as last season he offered him a five-year deal (four with one-year option to renew), having signed as a free agent in 2017-18 season. The Cape Town-born defender is another big name player to have left Maritzburg in the space of four months. They club sold Ghanaian vice and club's captain Richard Ofori to Orlando Pirates during the off season. Before that, Maritzburg sold Fortune Makaringe and Siphesihle Ndlovu at the start of last season also to the Soweto giants. De Reuck is the second player from Maritzburg in recent times to also join the tenth-time league champions. Sundowns signed Lebohang Maboe just days before the 2018-19 got underway. The 25-year-old De Reuck was last season’s best defender in the league after playing all 30 league games. He was named 2019-20 defender of the season, emulating Siyanda Xulu, who also claimed the same award with the club in 2017-18 season. Meanwhile, Maritzburg have parted ways with goalkeeper Sebastien Mwange having joined the club in October last year. The Zambian has since been replaced by Germany ‘keeper Marcel Engelhardt, who joined the club on a two-year deal yesterday