RESIDENTS of Mahikeng in the North West said they’re gatvol of living in filth. They said their city looked like a dump site instead of the province’s capital as their rubbish hasn’t been collected in weeks. On Monday 25 January, a group of gatvol residents from seven villages marched to the municipal offices and demanded that the leadership be fired. The residents said they were tired of complaining about the same thing while Mayor Betty Diakanyo and the Speaker Tshepiso Nebe ignored them. They demanded that refuse be collected regularly. They also want the municipality to provide them with clean water and fix potholes in their roads. Resident Collin Mohelekete said the mayor was not delivering services. “We cannot sit and allow them to receive fat cheques every month but ignore the fact that they’re doing nothing. “They are not even ashamed to drive through the filthy town in their luxury cars,” he said. Another resident, Mereko Montwedi, said the municipality was not taking the residents seriously. “We struggle to get water here and whenever we get some, it is dirty and brown. We cannot drink it,” he said. Municipal spokesman Johnny Nkoane said the municipality was overburdened with problems that were not theirs. “I get calls day in and day out with people complaining about service delivery but if you look at these matters closely, you will find we also do not have much power to deal with them,” he said. Nkoane said the issue of water had to be fixed by the Ngaka Modiri District Municipality. He, however, said the issue of dirty streets had been attended to. “We dispatch a truck every day to collect rubbish in town and on our streets. Our people must learn not to litter as well so they can help to keep the town clean,” he said. Nkoane admitted there was a shortage of rubbish trucks but was adamant the filth in town could easily be controlled by residents. “We are overworking our staff members who always make sure the city gets cleaned. A lending hand from residents will go a long way,” he said. The protesting group said they will seek answers from higher offices to get to the bottom of their demands.