THE heavy security presence that greeted the Proteas in Pakistan suggests the team is in a safe environment conducive for great cricket Test. Team captain Quinton de Kock has described the security detail as "something to be seen", the Proteas captain said at a virtual press briefing in Karachi yesterday. The South African team is on tour for two-match Test series and three T20 matches, beginning with the first Test on Monday. "Before we got here the security was a major concern, if not the biggest concern. But when we arrived here and saw the extent of the security that is here, the guys were a lot more comfortable and calmer," said De Kock."Obviously, it looks like all bases are covered. But at the moment we feel safe. For now, we're just worrying about cricket. Over the days, security has become less of a worry."When we landed, we saw the amount of security. It's something to be seen. The measures that they've taken makes us feel comfortable to focus on our cricket and not be worried about security." It is the first time South Africa are touring Pakistan in 14 years, owing to security concerns after gunmen attacked the Sri Lankan team bus during the second Test in Lahore in 2009. Apart from the nerves around security, De Kock admitted they were equally nervous about the game itself, the team finding its feet after a torrid time on and off the field. The boardroom shenanigans at Cricket SA have mirrored the team's performance in recent months. But Mark Boucher's side could well be on a path to redemption as seen with their Test series win against Sri Lanka last month. "We all knew about the nerves coming here and now it's a reality. I'm sure the more we get settled, the more excited we will be to play," De Kock said."We've heard some good things about Pakistan in the past and I'm sure as the tour goes on, we'll start getting more excited and amped to play cricket. "We're still trying to get used to everything here, we had a couple of net sessions and the conditions are a lot different to what we faced from other places around the world. So that's why we came early, to find our feet and get comfortable as quick as we can, start getting match ready." Proteas squad: Quinton de Kock (captain, Titans), Temba Bavuma (Lions), Aiden Markram (Titans), Faf du Plessis (Titans), Dean Elgar (Titans), Kagiso Rabada (Lions), Dwaine Pretorius (Lions), Keshav Maharaj (Dolphins), Lungi Ngidi (Titans), Rassie van der Dussen (Lions), Anrich Nortje (Warriors), Wiaan Mulder (Lions), Lutho Sipamla (Lions), Beuran Hendricks (Lions), Kyle Verreynne (Cape Cobras), Sarel Erwee (Dolphins), Keegan Petersen (Dolphins), Tabraiz Shamsi (Titans), George Linde (Cape Cobras), Daryn Dupavillon (Dolphins), Marco Jansen (Warriors). 