THE standout fixture of the FA Cup fourth round sees Manchester United host Liverpool as the two take their rivalry to the next level. It is arguably the greatest rivalry in English football and fans around the world can expect a thriller from Old Trafford on Sunday (7pm). Both sides come from a goalless draw in the Premier League and now they would be out for each other’s throat in a quench to qualify for the next stage. In fact, Reds coach Jurgen Klopp sees their current “tough moment” as an opportunity while Red Devils’ manager, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, will be driven by their 2-1 over Fulham on Wednesday. So, where did all this animosity between Liverpool and Man United begin, especially in this FA cup competition? The rivalry goes back many years, but we have selected a few standout matches going back to that epic final in 1996. With very little to enthuse about in this game, Man United were awarded a corner. Then from the ensuing kick, Liverpool keeper David James punched the ball out and it landed in Eric Cantona’s path. The Frenchman hammered the ball home to hand United sweet victory over the enemy in what was dubbed the “Cantona Final”. Three years later, the two were to meet again, this time in the fourth round. With the match evenly poised at 1-1, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer pounced with a late dramatic winner to give United a 2-1 victory and progress to the next round. The Red Devils went on to win the FA Cup in a season that saw them clinch a treble. This time around Solskjaer will hope to mastermind another famous victory from the dugout. Liverpool went into this fifth-round clash with nothing but revenge on their minds following a defeat to United in the league. Peter Crouch rose to the occasion with a towering header to give the Reds a 1-0 victory, their first against United in the FA Cup in 85 years. The monkey was finally off their backs and they went on to win the trophy that year. That was also the last time they ever tasted FA Cup success. A Ryan Giggs penalty in the second minute of the game was enough to lift United past 10-man Liverpool in a game that saw Steven Gerrard sent off. United went as far as the semi-finals, where they were knocked out by rivals Manchester City. The last meeting between the two in the FA Cup was in the 2012 fourth round and Liverpool were first on the scoresheet, but United pulled level. Then Dirk Kuyt pounced with a late strike to send the Reds into the next round. They went all the way to the final where they lost out to Chelsea. – SUPERSPORT.COM FA CUP FIXTURES TODAY SATURDAY SUNDAY