IF AmaZulu can play the same way they showed in the last game against Maritzburg United on Sunday, there’s a big chance they will get their first league win of 2021. Usuthu have drawn against Bloemfontein Celtic, lost to Kaizer Chiefs before drawing Maritzburg since the new year started. However, they threw grenades to their provincial rivals - Maritzburg - with the swathes of attack, hitting the post twice. They were also denied by the Team of Choice’s goalkeeper Jethren Barr, who pulled off plenty of saves and one in particular from Lehlohonolo Majoro who was clean through. The young and growing in confidence and now number Maritzburg ‘keeper Barr then tipped away a stinging free-kick drive from Thapelo Xoki. However, Usuthu will not have easy going against a dangerous SuperSport side who are third on the table with 23 points from 11 games. Kaitano Tembo’s side comes to this fixture after holding off leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. The Tshwane giants have also won five of their seven games and have an in-form striker on their side in the form of Bradley Grobler, who is currently the league’s top scorer with ten goals. However, Usuthu will also count on Memela, who is the club’s top scorer with six goals, though the past three games the former Orlando Pirates forward has been off the boil. “When you go to SuperSport, we all know it is not going to be an easy game,” said Memela. “But what is important we are focused on our game and if we play the way we played against Maritzburg, I’m sure we’ll get a couple of goals and win the game.” Mbongeni Gumede, who has played right back, left and centre back under coach Benni McCarthy in the last four games, agreed that they are playing so well and what is missing is to see them get the points. This was something that was lamented by coach McCarthy, deadly striker in his playing days, who was left dismay as he watched his side failed to hit the target. Usuthu’s ratio this term is not good too, at least one first-half goal has been scored in 82% position of the club's games this season. “We are playing well but what is missing is the team winning games,” said Gumede. “Going back to Maritzburg’s game, we had plenty of chances but our conversation was poor.”