SAMWU has welcomed the provincial government’s intervention to rescue the bankrupt Amathole Municipality. But they want to see the city manager fired. On Thursday 21 January the Eastern Cape provincial government invoked section 139 (5) (a) of the Constitution into the affairs of the municipality. Last week, the municipality wrote a circular informing workers, councillors and traditional leaders that they would not be getting salaries from February to June. That led to the provincial government appointing a task team after it had engaged the Department of Co-operative Governance and Treasury on the intervention into the affairs of the Amathole. Premier Oscar Mabuyane said: “The team is made up of the Co-operative Governance MEC Xolile Nqatha, provincial chairman of Salga Mxolisi Koyo, Amathole Mayor Khanyile Maneli and the Finance MEC Mlungisi Mvoko, who will monitor the implementation of the financial recovery plan. “A monthly report on the implementation of this Constitutional intervention will be submitted to the executive council of the provincial government by MEC Nqatha on a regular basis,” he said. SAMWU’s deputy general secretary, Dumisane Magagula said the union welcomes the decision by provincial government to intervene in the troubled municipality. “We are of the view that this intervention will not necessarily solve the root causes of the state in which the municipality finds itself in. “We had hoped that when intervening in the municipality, the provincial government would take into consideration the fact that the current municipal management Thandekile Mnyimba is the root cause of the near collapse of the municipality and as such, he cannot be allowed to continue controlling the purse of the municipality,” he said. Magagula said: “As SAMWU, we called for his immediate removal because he has failed in his duty as the accounting officer of the institution. We are not convinced that the intervention by the provincial government would yield desired results so long as Mnyimba is still on the municipality’s payroll.”