NORTH West Premier Job Mokgoro has been stripped of his party duties by the ANC Interim Provincial Committee (IPC). The committee made the harsh decision during a meeting at Mphekwa House in Mahikeng today. The committee felt Mokgoro had disrespected the party’s constitution when he took the opposition’s side by voting for a secret ballot when provincial legislature elected a new chair of chairs. On Friday 29 January, ANC member Priscilla Williams was elected to the position, beating the party’s preferred candidate Lenah Miga by one vote. Williams was the candidate selected by the DA. ANC chief whip Pal Sebego called for an open ballot, but Mokgoro and fellow ANC members Bitsa Lenkopane, Aaron Motswana and Job Dliso opposed it. The four, along with Williams, had their party membership suspended. The received letters of suspension on Friday. Although the IPC could not confirm they had proof Mokgoro voted for the candidate not chosen by the ANC, the committee felt he went against the party by agreeing with the opposition. IPC chairman Hlomane Chauke said the suspensions would not affect their jobs, but they would be supervised. “The members will be regulated in ensuring that they perform their responsibilities,” Chauke said. He said the party had made it clear that the suspended members were supposed to oppose a secret ballot. Chauke said Mokgoro’s work would not be disturbed. “His constitutional powers remain there. Their memberships are no longer in good standing, so the party will regulate their positions,” he said. Chauke said he communicated with all affected members. But some said they learnt about their suspensions on the news. “We have noted with disappointment the reports that some ANC members elected to disregard the party’s mandate by voting against a motion initiated by the chief whip of ANC to have an election conducted through an open ballot in an act of open defiance. The five ANC members collaborated with the opposition to defeat the mandate of the party by voting through show of hands in favour of the secret ballot,” Chauke said.