SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo is hoping that his side will be able to deal with the demanding schedule of the January period. Matsatsantsa A Pitori have seven matches this month alone and their exploits during this period could make or break their season. The Tshwane outfit have ambitions of winning the DStv Premiership this season after years of challenging without much success. This time around, Tembo’s charges are determined to upset the apple cart and wrestle the title away from their neighbours and defending champions, Mamelodi Sundowns. They will be looking for a bright start to the year when they come up against Chippa United at the Lucas Moripe Stadium this afternoon (5pm). “The preparations have been going very well,” revealed Tembo. “We came back about a week ago and the players don’t seem to have lost a lot of fitness. “Physically, they look in pretty good shape we just have to prepare the mental side of things because the game came at a difficult time. “But we have been preparing for this tough period way before. “The players are good physically and that’s important with the amount of games we have coming up in a short space of time. “There won’t be much training. We will just have to manage players properly between load and recovery. “We don’t want to have a lot of injuries.” Tembo is wary of the threat that the Chilli Boys pose as they might bounce back, with the players eager to impress newly appointed Dan “Dance” Malesela. The former TS Galaxy mentor is back in Port Elizabeth for his fourth stint with the club and will be hoping for a good start to his latest tenure. “We are playing against a team that has made changes in their technical team, so we don’t really have an idea as to how they will approach this game,” added Tembo. “But at the same time, it’s a home game for us and it’s important that we impose our game on them. “What’s important is for us to really focus on our game because it’s our biggest strength. We might have an idea of how they might want to play but we can’t focus on them, we need to focus on ourselves and do what we want to do.”