MOVING away from the bottom part of the log has been a huge relief for Kaizer Chiefs players, according to defender Philani Zulu. After dismal displays in Amakhosi’s first nine matches of the DStv Premiership, the club found themselves sitting in a disappointing 14th spot in the standings. It was the club’s worst position in 51 years of existence. But coach Gavin Hunt managed to turn things around. Zulu is hoping this resurgence will continue tomorrow when Chiefs travel to Danie Craven Stadium in Stellenbosch, where they will face Stellenbosch FC at 5pm. They aim to maintain their impressive run and keep climbing the standings. Chiefs are currently in seventh position with 16 points from 12 games – 10 points behind early pacesetters Mamelodi Sundowns and Swallows FC. “We’re looking forward to Stellenbosch. They are a very good side,” Zulu admitted. “They are like all other teams in the PSL. If you look at it right now, there’s no small or big team. All the teams are just playing to the best of their abilities. But we are looking forward to carrying on with the momentum and win as many games as we can.” Also helping Chiefs at this stage of recovery is the return of star striker Samir Nurkovic, who was out for a month due to an injury. His return seems to have injected confidence and boosted the team’s morale. Not because he scores goals, he was the club’s top scorer last season with 13 goals, but his work rate has managed to lift up other players. “To move away from the bottom of the log is a huge relief for us,” Zulu said. “It feels good even among us as players. The spirit is high at training we don’t want to look back. It took a lot of hard work, and we had to dig deep and it paid off very well. Now we know what is needed of us. We are trying our best to keep on going and not look back.” Zulu admitted that maintaining their current form, where they have won three matches on a trot, will not be easy. He said: “It is not going to be easy but the harder we work it will be worth it at the end. With the games coming up thick and fast, we just have to keep our focus and make sure we are mentally and physically fit for the games ahead. Each and every game is important. There’s no time to look back at what happened. We just have to focus and that will work for us as a team.”