BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco is not a psychic. Well, this is what he said asked whether the Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium will be ready to host their DStv Premiership match against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) on Saturday (5pm). “I am not a sangoma,” he declared without mincing his words. “I don’t know whether the pitch will be ready as scheduled or not. I can’t assure you that (water would have subsided on Saturday), but the pitch is always ready.” This begs the question whether the stadium drainage system is being well maintained, but it seems Konco is also in the dark about the state of their home venue. The chaos comes about after Celtic’s League game against Chippa United at the same venue was postponed due to a waterlogged pitch on Wednesday and the PSL had to call off the match following advice from the day’s match referee Victor Hlungwani. This is after a heavy downpour in the Free State on Tuesday. The Mangaung municipality weather team advised match officials that the heavy downpour is predicted to stop on Friday, which raises eyebrows about Saturday’s game. It’s still unclear if patches of water on the pitch would have subsided on Saturday since the drainage system seems not to work. Konco said a sangoma is the only one who can predict whether the pitch will be ready for the match or not. The postponed fixture could have given Celtic players enough time to recover following a daunting trip to Benin where they lost 3-0 (5-0 on aggregate) to Nigerian side Rivers United in the preliminary round second leg of Confederation Cup over the weekend. “The players were not tired because it’s normal (the hectic schedule) playing in Benin. The fixtures are there, so we plan on time for all our games,” said Konco. Konco is not worried that Celtic have yet to register a win this year having lost twice with three draws. The last time Siwelele won a match was on 16 December last year when they beat Baroka FC 2-0 at home. Celtic occupy 13th spot on the log table and are two points above bottom club TTM who are tied on nine points with Black Leopards and Maritzburg United. “The season start from August to May not in January until December. We played a draw (goalless with Mamelodi Sundowns) in our last (league) match and we are alright. Our fans must keep supporting the team and stay safe, listen to (Covid-19) regulations to avoid putting their lives in danger.”        