LEAVING Kaizer Chiefs without kicking a ball, then moving to Chippa United synonymous with instability, and witnessing Bidvest Wits sold as he was finally establishing himself, Zitha Macheke has encountered many stumbling blocks in his career. But thanks to his resilience and always seeing opportunity where adversity prevails, the defender has defied the odds and reached a personal milestone of 100 Premiership games. He has achieved that landmark in the colours of the ambitious Stellenbosch FC, away to Bloemfontein Celtic last Saturday. Celtic and The Maroons drew 1-1. “I’m very happy, proud of myself and my efforts. It shows that my hard work hasn’t gone in vain,” said Macheke. “Obviously, when you start playing, you never think of such (milestone). You just want to get an opportunity and showcase your talent. “Then you accumulate minutes, then games and only to find out you have played 100 matches.” He hailed this as a big achievement because not many players that endured similar setbacks can achieve such a milestone. “I am blessed and my hard work is paying off,” the Meadowlands-born player added. Including cups and continental competitions, he has played 120 games in the top flight. Spotted at Braamfischer Eagles in the amateur ranks and later joining the Chiefs Development, Macheke earned a move to the Amakhosi senior side in 2014. While he did no feature, he believes the experience was invaluable. “I learnt a lot,” the 27-year-old said. “To be realistic, that time I was at Chiefs, they had top class centre backs (Tefu Mashamaite, Eric Mathoho) and Morgan Gould, who were at the peak of their careers. It was difficult to break into the team. I learnt a lot watching how they did certain things. “It helped my game a lot. Chiefs gave me a foundation.” Macheke moved on loan to Chippa in 2015 and permanently in 2016, amassing 66 league games in three seasons, a mark of consistency in a side notorious for chopping and changing coaches and players. He also chose to focus on the positives. “It’s one of those things at Chippa where you get many coaches,” he said. Macheke said playing under different coaches was advantageous in helping him adapt to different styles of play. Now defunct first division side, Thanda Royal Zulu, who he helped gain promotion in 2016-17,were also beneficiaries of another loan spell. Macheke moved to Wits in the 2019-20 season, which would eventually be the last for the Clever Boys in the elite league before they sold their status to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). He was one of the most consistent performers during that campaign, with 24 league matches. Macheke is a regular at Stellenbosch after joining in the wake of Wits’ demise. “It’s been a good move for me. I’m also learning and growing day by day,” the defender added. – CAJ News