RUZAIGH Gamildien understands that he’s doing well but he won’t stress himself about the national team call-up. The Swallows FC forward, who had an unfulfilling stints with Bloemfontein Celtic, AmaZulu and Chippa United previously, is in the best form of his career right now. On Tuesday, after scoring six goals from December/January period, his form was recognised. He was named the DStv Player of the Month in the same period alongside his coach Brandon Truter, who claimed, for the second time on the bounce, the coach of the month award. Gamildien crowned the occasion as he scored another goal against Chippa United at Dobsonville Stadium midweek. “With fantastic performances, it’s possible (to get a call-up). I think I have put myself in a good position to be considered by the national team selectors in the future,” said Gamildien whose nine goals this season is best return in his career. This year, because Covid-19 halted international calendar last year, has necessitated a busy year for Bafana Bafana. Coach Molefi Ntseki is casting his net wide as the national team will resume 2022 Afcon qualifiers in March and then the 2022 World Cup qualifiers also begins in June. Ntseki, who said to qualify for next year’s Afcon edition will mean a lot to him following last year November’s back to back qualifying wins over Sao Tome, will want to select the players who are on form at their clubs. There’s a huge possibility that Gamildien is part of his draft right now as goals are what will be needed when Bafana hosts Ghana on the 25 March at FNB Stadium and three days later against Sudan in Khartoum to complete the qualifiers. Bafana, who are joint-top in Group C with Ghana on nine points after four games, just need four points to be guarantee a berth in Cameroon next year. However, Gamildien said if it meant the call will come, it will come. If not it won’t be any issue for him as he will carry on doing his fine work at the Dube Birds. The 31-year-old has three Bafana caps, though all of them came in the friendly matches in 2013. “Yes, I have put myself in that contention but I won’t put myself under pressure about the national team,” he said. “If it happens I get it, I’ll be happy. If doesn’t, I won’t stress about it.”