THE New Year has not been good for Orlando Pirates! After finishing the past year on a high winning the MTN8 title, the Buccaneers seem to be struggling to keep up with their impressive displays in the DStv Premiership. Out of possible 12 points in four January matches, their results have left their fans worried, asking themselves if they will be able to catch up with early pacesetters Mamelodi Sundowns and Swallows FC. Bucs have only managed to secure four points in four matches – won one (beating Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila 3-0), drew one (1-1 draw with Swallows) and lost twice 1-0 to Sundowns and the recent 2-0 loss at the hands of Black Leopards. That has seen them slip down to fifth spot with 17 points from 11 matches. However, they will be hoping to put all that behind when they tackle Golden Arrows in a league encounter at Orlando Stadium this afternoon (5pm), as their coach Jozef Zinnbauer said they must bounce back. “We have to work now on getting the heads up and prepare for Wednesday’s match. It’s also a big game for us. Arrows are in the same area as us at the moment on the table and we have to win three points,” Zinnbauer said. “Mentally it’s another thing, all clubs now play a lot of games – it’s a mental thing. We’ll be careful against Arrows. You cannot say more than that. But we will fight. They give all for three points. Fight for this, win your duels, it’s important in the first 20 minutes.” Arrows are heading to the Pirates clash as one of three unbeaten teams in the top flight this season. They have four wins and six draws from their opening 10 matches, and sit in fourth place. Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi predicts a tough clash but remains confident of his side. Ncikazi said: “Pirates are a good football playing team. Let’s not read anything into their previous result. “The only threat with them, they can change their formation, many times in a match. And also change the personnel. I’m not sure what will happen after the loss, whether they will change personnel, whether they will change the formation. “But with Pirates, just expect a tough match, irrespective of what happened with them. But mainly I focus on our team. We are prepared to defend well. If we defend well and use the ball well, come out cleanly in the attack, we are going to get a positive result. I’m confident, based on what I’ve seen thus far from our team,” he added.