WESTERN Cape Transport and Public Works MEC Bonginkosi Madikizela is wishing travellers a safe return. This past weekend, the department was expecting the first excessive traffic in both directions towards and leaving the province. “I joined Provincial Traffic Officers during the province’s integrated roadblocks on the N7 and N1 to ensure that our roads are safe during this busy period. Unfortunately, we cannot predict what will happen on the roads, but we have put in place detailed operations across the province until schools reopen,” Madikizela said. He urged motorists to rest after every two hours or 200km travelled. “Make sure your car is in a roadworthy condition before you leave your destination. It is the responsibility of the drivers to ensure that all passengers, including the driver, are buckled up,” said the MEC. According to Madikizela, motorists needed to plan their travel so that there was no rush to get to their destinations. “Be patient on the roads, and be cognisant of other users including pedestrians and motorcyclists,” he said. He added that as government, they were concerned about the increase in Covid-19 infections. He urged all drivers and passengers to follow the Covid-19 golden rules of hygiene to keep safe and avoid the 3 Cs – close contact, close spaces and crowded places. “Everyone using public transport must wear their face masks and ensure that there is good ventilation at all times. Let us comply with the rules of the road so that all arrive alive.” Motorist Siyabulela Diko (39) said it was their responsibility to follow the rules because it was their lives at stake. “Our government is doing everything to make sure that we do the right thing. We were not even supposed to be told what to do because we are adults, and these are our lives.” Another resident said when it came to public transport, passengers were the problem because some complained about the masks. “Passengers need to follow the rules. Sometimes they give taxi drivers a hard time about wearing their masks.”