SUPERSPORT United could lay down a marker to show their title aspirations on Saturday when they face Mamelodi Sundowns in a top-of-the-table Tshwane derby in Atteridgeville. Victory for SuperSport will see them dethrone the Brazilians at the league summit and move to 25 points – a point above the defending champions. A showdown between the two Tshwane teams always attracts a great interest, especially after Downs started dominating the PSL, while SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo has proven himself to be master tactician. Tembo will be pining his hopes on the qualities of striker Bradley Grobler, who has become a problem for PSL goalkeepers. And Grobler fancies his chances of upsetting Sundowns in this DStv Premiership derby at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday  (3pm). Tembo’s charges are two points behind leaders Sundowns and tied with third placed Swallows FC. “I know this will be a massive clash,” said Grobler. “There is no doubt Sundowns have an unbelievable team and with what they got should be able to win everything on offer. “They are doing well with a big squad, but we have guys who are willing to work, and we will give our best. This is not a make or break game, it won’t win us the league. But we will give it a go and see what happens.” Grobler hopes his great combination with Thamsanqa Gabuza will continue to yield positive results tomorrow. Grobler scored nine goals to lead the scorers’ chart, while Gabuza has netted five goals so far. “Gabuza brings happiness to the club,” Grobler added. “It shows we are not scared to do the running. You could see how happy he is. As a striker it’s important to have combinations with someone as I did with Brockie (Jeremy), and we help each other. Gabuza is such a good person to have on the field.” However, Tembo is concerned that his players never had enough time to recover following a 2-1 win over Bloemfontein Celtic at the same venue on Wednesday. “It will be a difficult game for us and to play three games within seven days is tough and taxing for players,” he said. “But we are in a right frame of mind... we will give as much as we can. We are ready for the game.” However, Tembo is wary of the danger posed by Peter Shalulile and Kermit Erasmus. “Kermit scored 12 league goals and Shalulile 14 goals last season. We don’t know what to expect because they have good quality all round,” concluded Tembo.