THEY had a party in the bushes – and proudly broke all the rules! The group of friends had a noisy, public picnic that involved sex, sharing cigarettes, smoking of hookah pipes and boozing. AND A MESSAGE FOR THE PRESIDENT: “O NYAKA ONE ROUND WENA RAMAPHOSA!” In a video taken deep in the bushes, allegedly of Hammanskraal in Tshwane, the woman says Ramaphosa needs one round of sex. The group had this gathering despite social gatherings not being allowed, and drank alcohol although public drinking is also not allowed. The group can be heard cheering each another on and a couple having sex in front of them while they smoke their hubbly in the bushes. The videos of the friends caused a stir on social media. While some criticised the group for breaking lockdown regulations, others applauded them for going deep into the bushes to have fun. In the video two women applaud another woman who’s having sex on a rock while another man looks on. Mathabajorge, who posted the video on Twitter with crying emojis, wrote: “South Africa, bathong.” ALSO READ: SUSPECT’S
HEAD BLOWN OFF DURING HEIST! After he posted the video, Twitter went into overdrive, with others saying the bushes are in Hammanskraal. GummieTPM wrote: “Women do such things, not men? Such a shame during the pandemic, nogal.” miamo1: “Those girls are overweight including their two boyfriends. I suspect they might have comorbidities. “What will happen to them if they get Covid-19. “I pray they don’t infect an innocent gogo who’s sitting at home and complying.” The videos started circulating after President Cyril Ramaphosa had sent the country to an adjusted level 3 lockdown amid to the resurgence of the Covid-19 positive cases in Mzansi. The president has put a total ban on the sale and distribution of alcohol as well as social gatherings. Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said gatherings are prohibited everywhere under level 3. He said the wild bunch in the video will be arrested once police have gathered enough evidence. ALSO READ:
HLOMPHO NOT HAPPY WITH BENCH ROLE! “We appeal to members of the community to call the police once they noticed gatherings, whether in the bushes, parks, rivers or anywhere,” he said. He said members of the public can call their nearest police station or CrimeStop on 08600 10111. 