Playwright Sbu Njiyela needs cash for his theatre play Nomalizo. "I actually need about R 5 million but to start I need between R1,5million and R2 million. The money will cover among other things rehearsal fees and costumes," he told Daily Sun. Nomalizo is a musical play that seeks to tackle gender-based violence and its effect on victims. "The story revolves is about Nomalizo, a Xhosa woman married to a staunch Zulu man, Mthembeni. Mthembeni was doing well until he lost his job when most textile companies closed. Nomalizo on the other hand gets promoted at work, therefore making Mthembeni jealous and feeling inferior. He becomes a drunkard and his inferiority complex leads to him abusing his family, especially Nomalizo." "The effects of abuse at home can be seen through Hlahla, their eldest son, who becomes disrespectful, rude and abusive to the teachers and other students. Nomalizo hides her abuse and tries to protect her husband. She eventually can’t take it anymore and during a fight she overpowers Mthembeni and stabshim to death. She is now facing trial, " Sbu explained. He said the musical was inspired by a reality story of a woman who was convicted of killing her husband. ALSO READ | TA FIRE SET TO SIZZLE "When I listened to her story I thought of other similar stories. I thought these are critical stories that needs to be told. I felt we need to tell them in an entertaining yet emotional way," he said. The play was written last year but due to lack of funds it had to stop. Otherwise the characters, directors, choreographer are all ready to start with the rehearsals. "The songs have been written, we've already had reading sessions, basically the groundwork is done. Some of the big names include, Mbongeni Ngema's brother, Nhlanhla Ngema who is our director, Vusi Majola is our choreographer and we are also hoping to get Mncedisi Shabangu," he said. According to Sbu, their plan was to make a TV reality show using this play."Our wish is to show people what it takes to bring a world class musical," he explained. It is a 10-piece band with 22 characters. The total number of the cast is 30. Sbu told Daily Sun he has been begging both the public and private sector for the money, but he has not received satisfactory responses. “The ones who have responded haven't responded positively and we understand,” said Sbu.