GAUTENG Premier David Makhura has responded to allegations made against his office in relation to PPE procurement irregularities. Makhura said he welcomed the Special Tribunal’s decision to allow the Special Investigating Unit to recover money paid to service providers who unlawfully got PPE contracts and to withhold the pensions of officials involved in corruption. Former health department chief financial officer, Kabelo Lehloenya, earlier said in an affidavit that Makhura, the health MEC and the head of the department provided the names of individuals and companies to be appointed. Makhura said: “The public is entitled to the truth about whether any person in the office of the premier caused any companies or individuals to be appointed unlawfully or irregularly as PPE service providers to the health department.” The premier said the allegations put his personal integrity in question. “As a leader of the ANC, I have the responsibility to conduct myself with utmost integrity. I also have a duty to defend, promote and enhance the integrity of the ANC. As the premier, I have a duty to defend the constitution and all laws of South Africa and uphold the oath of office and I have carried out my work with integrity and within the law.” Makhura said he needed to take the lead in the fight against corruption, which undermined the values which many sacrificed for. “I have informed the ANC provincial office bearers about my decision to go and offer an explanation to the ANC Integrity Committee to these spurious allegations against me,” he said. Makhura said he was willing to step aside from government and the provincial executive committee if the ANC asked him to. “I will not allow lies and an orchestrated smear campaign to tarnish my name. “I’ve been aware of an orchestrated campaign to tarnish my name with the ultimate objective to remove me from the Gauteng political scene. “It’s quite clear I’ve become an obstacle to the realisation of certain political ambitions and business agendas. I seek no other relief than to free the truth from the flame of lies being fanned,” said the premier.