KAIZER Chiefs defender Ramahlwe Mphahlele has welcomed the return of striker Samir Nurkovic ahead of their second-leg Caf Champions League first-round encounter against Angolan outfit Primeiro De Agosto. The match is scheduled to take place at the Estádio 11 de Novembro in Luanda, Angola this afternoon (5 pm SA Time). Amakhosi are targeting a spot in the group stages of the continental competition but will have to do much better than they did in the first-leg which ended in a goalless draw in Joburg in December. The Glamour Boys were guilty of missing several scoring opportunities but the return of their top scorer from last season, Nurkovic, provides some hope. The Serbian forward has not featured for Amakhosi yet this season due to injury and his absence has been felt by Gavin Hunt’s charges. Mphahlele is delighted to have the 28-year-old back but insists that they will not be putting any pressure on him to save their season. “We should have won the previous game by a big margin and at this point, we would appreciate anyone who would come and score goals for us,” said Mphahlele. “We know what Samir (Nurkovic) is capable of but we won’t put any pressure on him or expect too much from him. “As long as he comes in and performs for the team, even if he just assists the other guys to score. “We have other guys who are capable of scoring like Khama (Billiat), (Leonardo) Castro, (Dumisani) Zuma and (Lazarous) Kambole so we won’t burden Samir too much. “He will need time because we know he was out for too long. But he has been doing well at training and hopefully, he brings that into the games. “We all know what he can do, if he gets a chance he will bury it. We are all happy to have him back because he is very important to our team.” Chiefs are desperate to make history by becoming the first South African team to beat Primeiro at home in a Caf encounter after Orlando Pirates, Bidvest Wits and Mamelodi Sundowns all fell short. A win or a draw with goals will see the Glamour Boys proceed to the group stages of the Champions League for the first time. “We know it’s a very important game for us,” added Mphahlele. “We know it is going to be very difficult. In my opinion, we should have easily won the first-leg but it is what it is. It’s a different game now, they are playing at home and will come at us. But we have a good chance now to go to the group stages, which is what we came here for.”