GOLDEN Arrows produced a top second half performance to win 2-1 over Maritzburg United at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday. It was an inspired performance in the second half from the home side after they fell behind. This after Thabiso Kutumela expertly dispatched the cross in the 36th minute. Maritzburg deserved to have a lead as they had a lion share of position in the first half and Arrows were always defending. Arrows came to this game without their centre back Nkosinathi Sibisi, who was suspended after he received a fourth booking in the last game against Cape Town City.  They were also without Gladwin Shitolo for unknown reasons. That meant captain Matome Mathiane had to partner with Siyavuya Ndlovu, who was making his first appearance this season. Maritzburg played this game after selling Rushine De Reuck to Mamelodi Sundowns on Friday. But Arrows' defense, not so strong was breached. Kutumela received a square pass from Moseamedi to open his body to tuck it away just nine minute before half time. However, Mandla Ncikazi, seeing the danger as they were being overrun by Maritzburg in the middle in the first stanza, replaced Lungelo Dube and Siyavuya Ndlovu. Lindokuhle Mtshali and Thabani Zuke took their places. These changes happened just a minute before the game ended in referee’s optional time. While this was baffling, Ncikazi knew what he was doing as these changes worked. Mtshali soon equalized from the cut back of Knox Mutizwa in the 55th minute. Having made an assist for Mtshali, Mutizwa volleyed home the second for the home side in 70th minute after a brilliant run from Mutizwa’s countryman Divine Lunga to see Arrows get back to winning ways. While the game ended 2-1, the score line should have been more in favour of Arrows. Bongani Mpandle made a quick triple save later on to deny Mtshali and two from Pule Mmodi. But Maritzburg also came inches to claim the spoils. Sibusiso Hlubi saw his header crash the cross bar. This game saw both coaches to have coached both clubs come head to head. Ncikazi had a brief spell as Maritzburg coach in 2015-16 season but he was sacked after failing to win any of five games in charge. Ernst Middendorp also had a spell at Arrows from March 2011 and was sacked seven months later after he clashed with club’s chairperson Mato Madlala. The duo joined Steve Komphela and Clinton Larsen to have coached both clubs.