A victim who was hijacked in Langa township in Cape Town still can’t believe cops chased him out for not having a mask. “As soon as I was robbed I ran to the police station for help but to my surprise, I was chased away for not having a mask. I was just hijacked,” said the victim. “I understand the lockdown rules and regulations and I’m been following them but my mask was in a car that was hijacked. Where was I supposed to get another one?” said the victims. He said the police should have masks in case people find themselves in a situation like his. “I would never go to the police station without wearing a mask. I know the Covid-19 rules. I explained to them but still they refused to help me. They only helped me after I came back with #Langaformen members who assisted me,” said the victim. Siyabonga Khusela, a founder of the #LangaForMen organisation, said they saw a man crying in the street. “We approached him and he said he was hijacked. When visiting the police station they chased him away for not wearing a mask. We gave him a mask and went back to the police station with him,” said Siyabonga. When they arrived they asked the cops who chased the victim away why they didn’t give him a mask, but they were allegedly rude. “The same police officers who chased him away told us that nothing will happen to them. Their behavior shocked us because they could’ve just given the man a mask and assisted him,” said Siyabonga. According to him, they have been complaining about the bad service at Langa cop shop for a while. “This was not the first case. Their service is too bad. “You would swear they don’t like or want the job they are doing,” said Siyabonga. He said if they didn’t go back to the police station with the victim, he was not going to get help. Colonel Andre Traut said complaints against cops are not taken lightly and any person with a bad experience is encouraged to report the matter to their presidential hotline number 082 469 7721 so an investigation can be launched.