Legendary Ukhozi FM DJ and sport commentator Thanduyise “Thanda” Ndlovu is retiring from the SABC after almost 40 years behind the mic. Thanda from Empangeni, northern KZN, hosted various radio shows including the isicathamiya show and was a well-known sport commentator on Ukhozi FM. He joined in 1982 as a camera operator for TV 2 and TV 3 until a vacant post for a TV soccer commentator became available. He was honoured with a special achievement award at Cothoza Music Awards for his big contribution to isicathamiya in 2019. Thanda told SunBuzz he is happy to announce his retirement. He said he’s still on good terms with his bosses. “Normally when a radio DJ is leaving a station, it could be because of two reasons. One is where you are fired because of misbehaviour and two is where a radio DJ dies. “I’m happy that I didn’t do any of the above. I ran my broadcasting race and now is the time to take my retirement and give the youth the chance to shine,” he said. ASLO READ | ZODWA TURNS TO CHICKENS Thanda, who’s also well-known as Gatsheni or Gazilami to isicathamiya and Ukhozi FM sport listeners, said he will not announce what he is going to do now. “I’m the kind of person who has to finalise his plans before you announcing them to people. “I can confirm I will be doing something after my retirement but unfortunately I can’t announce it now,” he said. Thanda said the highlights of his radio career are when he took overseas trips to the 1998 World Cup in France and Sydney Olympics in 2000. Last Wednesday Ukhozi FM turned the afternoon show called Sisonke Drive hosted by Bheka Mchunu and Zimiphi Biyela to a tribute show for Thanda. On the show they gave him a chance to recap on all the highlights of his radio career. Acting station manager Sbongi Ngcobo said on air that she was happy to work with Thanda. “Since I became an acting station manager in 2017 I didn’t get the awkward moment when I was supposed to talk with him because I’m a young boss and he was my employee and older than me. I will always respect his behaviour and we will always miss him” she said.