PUBLIC Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane appeared briefly in court on Thursday, 21 January. The Pretoria Magistrates Court postponed the matter, relating to three charges of perjury, to 25 March. In December, the Hawks issued a summons after the Director of Public Prosecution took the decision to prosecute Mkhwebane. It’s alleged the public protector lied under oath in November 2017 during a review application in the North Gauteng High Court. The NPA’s Sipho Ngwema said she said she only had one meeting with former president Jacob Zuma, which she knew was false. He said in 2018, Mkhwebane deposed an affidavit to the Constitutional Court where she declared she had a second meeting with Zuma. “In addition, on 5 June 2018 she unlawfully and intentionally deposed under oath to a replying affidavit in her application for direct access or alternatively for leave to appeal to the Constitutional Court,” he said. He said Mkhwebane declared she did not discuss remedial action following a report to Zuma when this was false. “This was in connection with a matter that arose from a complaint that was submitted to her office over a report by CIEX, an asset recovery company in the United Kingdom, and a later Special Investigating Unit inquiry over money owed by Absa and other companies to the Reserve Bank,” he said. The report was on a lending agreement between the Reserve Bank and Bankorp, which was taken over by Absa. The investigation was started by the previous public protector but taken over by Mkhwebane when she took office. In 2016, she sent a provincial report to various parties with findings that the Reserve Bank improperly failed to recover over R1 billion from Absa. In June 2017, she published a report finding that the South African government ignored the CIEX report and together with the Reserve Bank failed to recover R3,2 billion from Absa. She directed that steps be taken by Parliament to change section 224 of the Constitution to strip the Reserve Bank of its function to protect the value of the currency. The Reserve Bank launched an urgent application to the high court to review her findings. This review application was not opposed by the public protector and the remedial action was set aside.