No other Audi is closer to motor racing than the Audi R8. It has a dynamic spearhead and is the fastest volume-production model of the Audi Sport brand. The revised version of the high-performance sport car as a Coupe and Spyder hosts an even sharper design. VIP customer deliveries of the Audi R8 V10 performance quattro have officially begun in South Africa and the car’s official retail launch will be from 1 April 2021. Instant response, lightning-fast high-revving and a unique sound, the V10 naturally aspirated engine is the heart of the Audi R8. The 5,2 FSI in the Audi R8 V10 performance quattro continues to offer 449 kW, with a peak torque of 560 Nm. The Coupe sprints to 100km/h in 3,2 seconds, and the Spyder takes 3,3 seconds.  The dynamic power ends at 310/329km/h. The V10 naturally aspirated engines with 5,2 litres of displacement come standard with the R8 sports exhaust system. The transmission is a 7-speed S tronic gearbox. The car also has a sharper design.  The honed character of the new R8 models also becomes clear visually. The Singleframe radiator grille is even wider and flatter. In combination with the dimmed headlights and adjoining design elements, the R8 looks even sharper. Winglets at the side divide the large air inlets and the flat slits above the Singleframe radiator grille are reminiscent of the Audi Sport quattro. Audi R8 customers can enjoy the standard high-gloss black styling package as a sporty exterior look to their sports car. The front splitter, the sill trims and diffuser are all finished off in black accents, with an option to upgrade the exterior look to the gloss carbon RS exterior parts which creates an aggressively sportier look. In the operating concept of the new Audi R8, two standard-fit high-tech modules are merged into one unit: the information from the MMI navigation plus is shown in the revised Audi virtual cockpit.  It has a 12,3-inch display and the driver can use the “View” button on the steering wheel to switch between views. The performance screen is dominated by a large tachometer. The new Audi R8 will officially go on sale in South Africa from 1 April 2021. Pre-deliveries to select customers who had pre-ordered the vehicle will be rewarded for their brand affinity as part of Audi’s South Africa’s pre-launch strategy. The updated Audi R8 range is priced as follows (inclusive of all taxes) and comes standard with a five-year Audi Freeway Plan:  Audi R8 Coupe V10 performance quattro R3 336 000 Audi R8 Spyder V10 performance quattro R3 592 500