STAR bowler Kagiso Rabada says he is thrilled to join the pantheon of Proteas greats bowlers as he reached Rabada became the eighth South African to claim 200 Test wickets on an improved day three of the first Test against Pakistan, although late wickets tipped the scales strongly in favour of the hosts in Karachi on Thursday. “It’s massive feet to be included in the list,” said Rabada.“When you start playing you don’t think you’d be included in the list. You just want to do the best that you can. It is a great milestone, I just want to go on... just try doing what I can for the team, even work on my batting.” Rabada (3/70) joined the 200 club alongside countryman Dale Steyn, Shaun Pollock, Makhaya Ntini, Allan Donald, Morne Morkel Jacques Kallis and Vernon Philander. The 25-year-old, who bowled Hasan Ali (21) to reach the milestone, also became the third quickest to the mark in terms of deliveries, behind Pakistan’s Waqar Younis and Steyn, while his strike-rate of 40.8 is the best in the world amongst bowlers to have claimed 200 wickets. The Proteas reached stumps at the National Stadium, limping on 187 for four following a horrendous final half-hour in which they lost star batting duo Rassie van der Dussen (64 off 151 balls, 5 fours) and Aiden Markram (74 off 224 balls, 10 fours) as well as the dependable Faf du Plessis (10).   Their twin top-order half-centurions had batted together for a large part of the day, digging in, and working their socks off for a second-wicket partnership of 127 that had taken the tourists to 175 for one, before the late meltdown.   Before that, the tail of the home side had bitterly frustrated South Africa, with the last two wickets taking their lead from 88 overnight to a mighty 158 as they were eventually dismissed for 378. Rabada and co struggled to claim the final wicket as Yasir Shah (38 not out) and Nauman Ali (24) added 55 for the final wicket, before Keshav Maharaj (3/90).   The batsmen then faced a tough task to get the visitors back in the game, but to their credit, openers Markram and Dean Elgar dug in by batting for 16 overs for their opening stand of 48. 