THE taxi violence in Polokwane, Limpopo, has become a serious concern for Capricorn District mayor John Mpe. This comes after a clash between three rival taxi associations over a route to Mall of the North. The violence started on Thursday 14 January, leaving drivers injured as well as two taxi and taxi owner’s car burnt. Mpe has called for calm among taxi operators and associations in Seshego, Mankweng, Moletjie and Flora-Park. Mpe told Daily Sun the violence has become a serious issue and he feared it may lead to many lives being lost. “We know that as a municipality we have a limited role in the taxi industry however I just feel that, as leaders, we need to send a message to try and calm the situation in the taxi industry,” said Mpe. He said as district leaders they were more concerned about the safety of the passengers, passersby and even those who are fighting. “We have noted several issues that need government and the associations to iron out,” he said. He said: “We have also noted the issue of unlicenced vehicles, drivers’ behavioural patterns and allocation of routes without proper consultation. “This is uncalled for as it sparks conflicts,” he said. Mpe said it is crucial that taxi owners and associations, together with the government, convene meetings to ensure they iron out these issues in a professional way rather than by fighting. “It cannot be a good idea to fight in a manner that will cost many lives whereas this can easily be solved on table,” said Mpe. He said the associations’ fights have made life difficult for commuters as they can’t make it to work and home on time. “It is shocking to see commuters in numbers at their stops and the ranks in town left unattended. This becomes more worse for the elders and those who live with some chronic diseases,” he said. The mayor confirmed he will elevate the matter to the Roads and Transport MEC, working closely with the National Taxi Association and the South African National Taxi Council. “This is to ensure the issue of operating licences and route invasions that have been identified as the main causes of the conflict in the industry are resolved,” he said.