THE SUNTEAM found the sangoma at the river talking to the ancestors. “Please show me where my bones are,” the distressed sangoma pleaded. “I CAN’T HELP PEOPLE WITHOUT THE BONES. SHOW ME!” Sangoma Ntelezi Magasela goes to the river every day, but it’s not for cleansing or baptism. The SunTeam got a tip-off from concerned residents in Vosloorus in Ekurhuleni, who thought she might be doing something evil at the river. Snenhlanhla Shabangu, who lives near the river, said: “She brings candles, burns impepho and throws coins into the river. We thought she was doing something bad.” But the sangoma explained she wasn’t doing anything bad.  She doesn’t know what happened to the bones, which she keeps in her indumba. “One minute they were there, the next they were gone,” she said. “It was a Friday two weeks ago after I’d assisted a client. I remember I used the bones and put them back where they always are.” But the following day when she wanted to help a client she felt like a fool. “In the end I couldn’t help the client because I couldn’t consult the bones to find out what was wrong.” She said she’d lost a lot of business since then. “People come and I have to turn them away because I can’t see what their problems are and how to solve them.” Ntelezi said the bones are her guidance. “They show me people’s problems and show me solutions. Now that they’re missing I’m doomed. I see nothing,” she said. She went to phahla at the river because she believes the ancestors can hear her there. “I believe they’ll show me where my bones are so that my life can get back to normal,” she said.  She apologised to people who thought she was doing something evil and to those she’d sent away. Cultural expert, Mtimande Ngwenya, said ancestors could be angry at Ntelezi for some reason, and that’s why they hid the bones. “She’s doing the right thing by trying to speak to them at the river, but she must consider going to a sangoma or her gobela if possible. The sangoma will consult and tell her what’s wrong,” said Ngwenya. “I won’t be surprised if the bones are still in the indumba, but they can’t be found because she needs to sort out some things first.” Ntelezi said her gobela died last year, but she’d go to a sangoma for consultation. She doesn’t know what she may have done to anger the ancestors. 