THE Vava family from Delft in Cape Town wants answers from the Western Cape Department of Health about the death of their sibling. Lenox Vava (62) said his brother Zipumeze (48) was admitted to Brooklyn Chest Hospital on 23 November. “He suffered from a stroke. We rushed him to Eerste River but he was transferred to Brooklyn Chest Hospital. “He could not speak so we were depending on the hospital for updates,” said Lenox. He said the hospital only told them about his death after two weeks. “My brother died on 1 December but we found out about his death on 13 of January,” he said. Lenox said they couldn’t visit the hospital because of the Covid-19 regulations. “We called the hospital on Christmas Day and also New Year’s Eve to wish him a happy new year. We couldn’t hear his voice but we did that because the hospital advised us to do that, saying it will help him recover,” said Lenox. Sindiswa Vava said they were hoping Zipumeza would come back home alive. “We want answers from the Department of Health. Why didn’t they tell us when Zipumeze died? What killed our brother,” said Sindiswa. She said they only found out he had died after they called to find out how he was doing. “After a nurse told us he is dead, we visited the hospital. “But we couldn’t find his body. After a long time searching, we found out they took him to a funeral parlour that we know nothing about. There is a lot of things that don’t make sense,” she said. Sindiswa said the funeral parlour now wants R6800 from the family. “We want the hospital to settle the bill because they never told us about his death,” said Vava. Health spokeswoman Shimoney Regter said the patient was admitted to Brooklyn Chest Hospital on 23 November. “He remained very unwell during his admission and received the appropriate treatment. The patient did not pass away on 1 January but passed away from his illness at 9pm on 1 December,” Regter said. She said the hospital did not have the contact details of the next of kin. “Upon reporting the matter to the police, the staff on duty communicated this and believed that the family would be informed at their address. Unfortunately, there was no further follow up as to whether the police had informed the family or not,” she said. Regter said they would like to apologise to the family for the distress that this has caused. She said this has been brought to the attention of the relevant clerks and nursing staff at the hospital to ensure there is no recurrence.