KAIZER Chiefs are set to part ways with defender Yagan Sasman and goalkeeper Brylon Petersen at the end of the season. These players have been deemed surplus to requirements by the club and coach Gavin Hunt has hardly used them this season. Sasman, who surprisingly joined Chiefs during the off season last term after he was released by Ajax Cape Town (now Cape Town Spurs), last played for Amakhosi in the first league game when they lost 3-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns at FNB Stadium in October last year. Since then, he has been on the bench eight times and three times was not in the match-day squad in the 14 games Chiefs have played thus far. Chiefs, banned from signing players by Fifa for two transfer windows, played Angolan side Primero de Agosto in the Caf Champions League first-round second leg yesterday, Sasman and Petersen were left out. Petersen (25), who left the Soweto giants at the end of 2017-18 season, returned to Amakhosi at the beginning of last season. However, he has never played for the club in his two stints. Another player whose future is up for discussion is that of veteran striker Bernard Parker. The former Bafana Bafana striker was given a one-year deal towards the end of last season, which will expire this season. Parker, who has been at Naturena since 2011, has been a stalwart of the club. In recent seasons, though, he has been handed one-year deals. But the 34-year-old, who has started two league matches of seven this season, does look like this will be his last season with Chiefs. There’s also a big debate about the future of captain Itumeleng Khune, who has suffered a dip in form. Khune’s contract is also expiring at the end of the season. He was also omitted from the squad that travelled to Angola. Philani Zulu (28) is another player whose contract is expiring at the end of the season. Zulu, who joined Chiefs from Maritzburg United at the beginning of the 2017-18 campaign, has seen game time this season. Although he has featured in 11 games in all competitions, it is not clear whether his contract will be renewed.