CHIEF Magwagwaza II Mnisi (61) was described as a mentor who led by example during his funeral service. He was laid to rest at the royal family cemetery in Cottondale outside Acornhoek near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, on Saturday 30 January. His funeral was attended by 50 people due to Covid-19 regulations. Chief Mnisi of the Mnisi Traditional Council died from Covid-19 complications at Mediclinic in Nelspruit on Saturday 23 January. He was a former magistrate before he resigned to take over the reign after the death of his father, Hosi Phillip Mnisi, in 2013. The chief’s sister-in-law Daphney Makhubedu told mourners the family was shattered.  “The chief’s condition unfortunately deteriorated a week ago, and he couldn’t attend his late mum Indlovukazi Linah’s funeral. That following day, his wife rushed him to a doctor who referred him to Mediclinic in Nelspruit, where he was admitted. But on Saturday we received calls from the clinic, saying we must come urgently. Upon arrival, we found him surrounded by doctors who were trying to resuscitate him. Unfortunately, one of them told us he was no more,” she said. “If it wasn’t for not this deadly Covid-19, he would still be alive. May his soul rest in eternal peace,” said Makhubedu. The council’s chairwoman Patience Mnisi said the chief was gone too soon. She described the a mentor, selfless leader and a father who led by an example. Mpumalanga ANC acting chairman Mandla Ndlovu, who’s also the chief’s cousin, said he was still shaken by his untimely death. He said Mpumalanga Premier Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane also sent her condolences to the royal family. Contralesa president, Kgoshi Lameck Mokoena said: “I was so closed to Chief Mnisi, even during our schooling days. He was a visionary leader. He was the deputy chairperson of Makgoshi in the Bushbuckridge area, the deputy secretary of the Mpumalanga House of Traditional Leaders and he was part of Contralesa.  “Unfortunately he departed before accomplishing our mission of fighting for the rights of amakhosi, traditional council members and clerks to all be registered and receive basic salaries and medical aid. “As you know that amakhosi survive from mere grants. We do not have salaries. May his soul rest in peace,” said kgoshi Mokoena. The chief’s survived by his wife Patricia, two daughters Tintswalo and Nyeleti as well as his two sisters, Lydia and Maxine.