AFTER almost two years of being offscreen, actor Khaya Dladla has landed another major role. The actor, best known for his role as GC on SABC1’s Uzalo, has joined Mzansi Magic drama series, eHostela. He plays the role of Nxebalendoda, a ruthless hitman. Khaya said: “Although I’ve been offscreen for a while, I didn’t completely leave the TV industry. I’ve been behind the scenes working as a casting director and agent. “I was excited about making a comeback, but I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go back to being on screen as I’ve been enjoying myself behind the scenes.” Khaya explained his onscreen blackout. “It has been crazy. After people heard I left Uzalo, many production companies called me to be part of their projects. But they wanted me to play another version of GC and, unfortunately, I had to make a choice not to be typecast and had to decline a lot of those offers.” ALSO READ |ZODWA TAKES THE CORONA TEST Khaya described his character as hollow. “Nxebalendoda is the right-hand man of a man who leads the hostel. If you take a look at him properly, he’s very damaged and hollow,” he said. “He’s messed up. The problem in black communities is that we don’t do much psychological testing. “Nxebalendoda can kill an innocent person and not flinch. He doesn’t feel any pain. All he does is follow orders and get things done.” To prepare for the role, Khaya had to make a lot of sacrifices. “To be honest, I fully invested myself into the show. I had to surrender a lot of things to get into character,” he said. “I had to grow a beard and not have my nails done. “That’s why I wasn’t seen around much because I wasn’t the Khaya people were used to. “I also watched videos of an ex-hitman confessing because I had to fully understand the character to be able to deliver my best.” Khaya said people will love how stylish Nxebalendoda is. “He’s stylish and has a collection of breathtaking shirts,” he said. He told SunBuzz people are going to see him on their screens for quite a while. “I’m going to be part of the show for the entire season, and I’ll be in other productions,” said Khaya.