GOOD news for Limpopo people! The DStv Premiership side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila
(TTM) will remain in their province after club boss Masala Mulaudzi sold it to
a consortium of businessmen in Polokwane. SunSport understands that the deal between Mulaudzi and
North West medical doctor, Sello Ntsoko, fell through at the last minute. Mulaudzi was reported to be close to selling Tshakhuma FC
for R42 million to Ntsoko, but indications are they could not reach a good
business agreement. SunSport understands that Ntsoko refused to pay upfront
money before all finer details were clarified on how they will deal with the
debts incurred by the club over time. SunSport can reveal that Abram Sello and Mighty Tjale,
businessmen in the province, have bought the club and it was confirmed by
Mulaudzi in a meeting yesterday. Daily Sun can reveal that Mulaudzi has already resigned as
director of the club at Cipro documents, and put in Sello as the main owner. “They made an official offer that Mulaudzi couldn’t refuse.
And they’re prepared to pay immediately when the PSL gives the go ahead,” said
our source. It is understood that Tjale and his team have tabled a R50
million offer – willing to pay R35m and the rest put in a trust to clear all
the debts. The consortium have submitted documents to the PSL’s Michael
Murphy indicating their mutual agreement with Mulaudzi and submitted documents
to prove their credit worthiness. The consortium’s plan is to take the club from Thohoyandou
to Polokwane where they will use the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium. “It all started on 18 January following stories in the
Daily Sun and they realised that the North West doctor was delaying and they
moved fast,” said our source. Mulaudzi is expected to meet with PSL chairman, Irvin
Khoza, on Thursday to take guidance in his quest to sell the club. “All is left now is for the PSL to approve the deal,” said
source. “It is a disappointing news for Vhembe football lovers, but
at least the team will remain in Limpopo, which is good news.” On Sunday after Tshakhuma’s 2-0 defeat by Kaitano Tembo’s
SuperSport United at Thohoyandou Stadium, a source said Mulaudzi told coach
Joel Masutha that he should start looking for a new job elsewhere as he cannot
guarantee that the new owners will take him along. When contacted, Mulaudzi said: “I never put this team on
sale. All I can say is that we received two offers and one was good.” Masutha said he does not want to talk about management
issues: “I am still the coach at Tshakhuma. There have been lots of stories
about this club. I can talk if it’s about the players. My focus now is on our
next game.” The club has since suspended CEO Sello Chokoe who is yet to
appear before DC. Bottom on the log Tshakhuma face Bloemfontein Celtic in
their league match on Saturday.