MOROKA Swallows veteran defender Vuyo Mere is aiming high and believes the DStv Premiership rookies can achieve anything they set their sights on this season. The Dube Birds started this season on fine form and have surprised many as they are currently sitting second on the log with 18 points, the same as leaders and defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns. The sleeping Soweto giants, who spent five years in the first division jungle, have not lost any of their opening eight league matches, so far. They have won five matches and drew three. And now, some football fans have been comparing Swallows with English Premiership side Leicester City who shocked the world by winning the Premiership in 2015/16 season without anyone given them a chance. “In life anything is possible,” said the 36-year-old, who won the PSL title twice with Downs. “What Leicester did was amazing and showed that if you work hard and believe in yourself, you can achieve anything you set your heart on. “Look, there’s always something to compete for in life. Last season here at Swallows, we fought hard to get promotion from the GladAfrica Championship and this season we find ourselves in the top fight. “Our objective is to reach as high as possible as we can, even if it means winning the PSL. “We’re not going to limit God’s will and ourselves.” Added the former Bafana Bafana player: “But we’re not going to put pressure on ourselves. Our aim is to take one game at a time. We used the same strategy in the GladAfrica Championship last season and we ended up winning it. “So, even here in top flight, we’re going for same strategy. “We’re aware that in the top flight things are different but are here to work hard and stay forever on the spot. “Our aim now is to continue with our good form when the season restartS after the Christmas break. “We’re lucky because we have a good management, technical staff and quality team. So, anything is possible,” he said. Swallows host Cape Town City in their next league clash at Dobsonville Stadium on 5 January (7pm).