TSHAKHUMA Tsha Madzivhandila coach Joel Masutha is a worried man. Masutha is concerned about his leaky defence that has conceded 13 goals in 10 league games. He lashed out at his defenders following a 3-0 defeat to Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in Thohoyandou on Wednesday. The defeat has made Masutha to consider venturing into the transfer market to beef-up his squad. “We did exactly what we were not supposed to do,” said the former Black Leopards coach. “We watched Pirates games and we knew how they will play, but we fell on their tracks. The more you go to Pirates the more you open up and became vulnerable, they will punish you.” He added: “We defended very badly. We gave away the game. We contributed to the goals Pirates scored. All we did was to ensure they don’t score four goals as it was going to be an embarrassment. We made lots of mistakes and against Pirates you will be punished. I think we deserve to lose the game.” The defeat has left Masutha’s future with the club uncertain as Vhadau Vha Damani have now gone six consecutive league games without a win. They lost twice with six draws. The Venda based side have yet to win a game this year. The last time Tshakhuma tasted victory was in November last Year when they beat fellow Limpopo rivals Baroka FC 1-0 at the same venue. They currently occupy 12th spot on the log with nine points from 10 league matches. Masutha admitted that his charges are now in danger of getting relegated if they don’t pull up their socks when they travel to Durban tomorrow (3pm) for a date with Golden Arrows. Abafana Bes’thende are high in confidence having beaten Chippa United 1-0 in their last league game at the weekend. “I believe management have assembled a good team and yes we are short in certain positions. Like any other team when you are short you must beef-up. We are not safe where we are, and we lack in crucial positions. We had only one defender on the bench and those are areas we need to look at If we want to compete because the more you don’t concede the better chances of winning the game.” Masutha hopes Rhulani Manzini will recover quickly from injury to strengthen his attack having missed the clash with Pirates. “We relied on Nevhulamba who had never started a match and he played 90 minutes.”