Not only doesn't it cause hairy palms or blindness, but masturbation is actually healthy. Ask your doctor! For millennia, high-horse moralists have been dispensing fear and loathing among generations of impressionable young boys by peddling preposterous myths and outright lies about masturbation. You’ve heard them all before: masturbation leads to blindness, hairy palms, insanity and just generally being a bad person. What’s perhaps most perplexing is that these fairy tales have persisted for such a long time. After all, the majority of boys discover that they are entirely devoid of truth by the time they’re 14. According to Health24's Great South African Sex Surveys for 2008 and 2009, between 71 and 82 percent of South African men confirmed that they masturbate (the figures for women are between 67 and 75 percent) and more than 85 percent say they first started to masturbate before the age of 18. In other words: “everybody” does it! For children it’s a normal and natural part of growing up and discovering their bodies, sexuality and the joys of having opposable thumbs. For adults it’s a pleasant, safe and healthy sexual activity that, rather than being vilified, should be universally encouraged. Woody Allen’s oft-quoted quip bears repeating: “Don’t knock masturbation - it’s sex with someone I love.” The ups It may seem superfluous to belabour the fact that it’s good for you - it feels really, really nice, right? - but there are some benefits to masturbation you may not have thought of before: …and the downs Of course masturbation can be dangerous, but so can using a toaster: Masturbation and prostate health In 2003, Australian researchers found that frequent ejaculation through sex and masturbation may reduce a man’s risk of contracting prostate cancer, but a 2009 study suggested that the correlation between prostate cancer and ejaculation may, in fact, be age-dependent. Young men who masturbate frequently do so because of an enhanced sex drive as a result of high levels of testosterone. Their high testosterone levels - not their masturbation habits - may actually raise their prostate cancer risk. Among older men, the same study found that frequent masturbators lowered their prostate cancer risk, probably because masturbation drains the prostate of fluids containing carcinogenic toxins. - Health24