MAMELODI Sundowns are not panicking over a dip in form which is threatening to derail their DStv Premiership progress. But they must rediscover the spark that made them indomitable last season if they are to retain the trophies they captured last season. In not so many words, Downs co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi said this following yet another dispiriting draw, this time a 1-1 stalemate against Swallows at Lucas Moripe Stadium the weekend. Playing at home, the Brazilians led 1-0 through Kermit Erasmus’ first half goal, but were undone by a last-gasp equaliser from Musa Nyatama. Like they did against Orlando Pirates, the Birds refused to surrender and pulled a draw from the jaws of defeat. The draw, as big as it was for the visitors, however, meant Sundowns dropped further points, six in their last three matches overall, with a single goal to show for their efforts. But the dip in form is not a reason for Mngqithi and the technical team to panic. “I wouldn’t say we are at that stage where we have to panic and start feeling that we have big points. We are not playing against pushovers,” Mngqithi explained. “We played against SuperSport United, who are competing up there with us. We played Swallows who are also competing up there with us. And played against Celtic, an improved result, considering they beat us in the MTN8. Yes, as Sundowns we’d want to win every game we play. But I don’t think people need to panic. “I think we’re at the stage where we had to play around with a lot of changes to the line-up in all the three matches and that has had a negative impact on how we played.” The depth in the squad has allowed Mngqithi to make changes to his starting line-up, as seen when he made three against Swallows. “I believe the guys who weren’t playing regularly and came in today have given a very good account of themselves. If you check all the team with full squads, not even one of their key players was out. And we still managed. We played with Mothobi (Mvala), who has never played as a centre back probably in the last three seasons, but he did well. “For me, this is not the stage to panic. I think we are on the right track. Maybe one day we will appreciate the points we got when the team was not as complete as one would have loved. In all these matches we have managed not to lose. It’s still a positive for the team.”