AUTHOR Ndukenhle Sir Buthelezi’s (42) first book, Breaking Chains of Poverty, has inspired him to write his second book called From Passion to Profession. The KZN-born author told Daily Sun that in 2017 he published his 60-page book in South Africa, but an American publisher saw the book and requested that he publish it abroad as well. “Being approached by an international publisher was a big deal for me. It confirmed that I was destined for bigger things. They saw my work online and they loved it. “But in order for them to publish the book, they requested that I add another 60 pages to make it 120 pages. Once that was done, the book was published in the USA. So far this has been my biggest achievement,” said Ndukenhle. ALSO READ: GADAFFI LEAVING GENERATIONS: THE LEGACY Speaking about his first book, he said: “This is a non-fiction book. It was inspired by my own life experiences. The book reflects on my upbringing in the rural areas of Nongoma in KZN. “It talks about life changes, including my own, the mistakes I’ve made and how I survived those hardships. It is an easy read and anyone can relate to my story,” he said. His work in writing has seen him being appointed as an ambassador of organisations called Mighty Men of Valor and Miracle Mind Global. “In 2019 I wrote my second book, From Passion to Profession. This is a motivational book. It is strictly about turning passion into a profession. I realised that people love my writing and I decided to do it on a full-time basis.  “As it is, my second book has opened various doors for me. I’ve been giving motivational talks on national radio stations, at universities, churches and prisons,” he said. He said the book will be out in May this year. “My goal is to encourage young people to pursue their God-given talents and to follow their dreams and passions because that’s where your bread is buttered. “With my passion as a writer I’ve visited and mentored young people in different countries including Kenya, England, Cameroon, Ghana, USA and Zambia,” he said.