TEACHERS and general workers are demanding the immediate removal of a principal they alleged is abusive. ALMOST 32 staff members from at Moses Mnisi High School in Cottondale outside Acornhoek near Bushbuckridge have been boycotting since Monday. The school gates were padlocked and police had to intervene. The teachers said they felt unsafe working with the principal, who was suspended two years ago by the Mpumalanga Department of Education pending investigation against him for alleged maladministration. Last week the principal returned to the school after the department found him not guilty on the matter. But the decision didn’t go down with the fuming staff. They claimed the principal also assaulted two of the teachers before his suspension but the department didn’t do anything about it. “We are feeling unsafe working with this iron fist ruler. He is an abusive leader who doesn’t take advice,” claimed one of the teachers. SGB chairman Don Nxumalo said: “Even parents are angry at the department for returning the principal to the school without consulting them. The department also failed to inform the SGB. The department never bothered to hand the principal over to us officially. But what they did was intimidate us with letters and calls to surrender the school keys. The department betrayed the SGB,” he said. “Before the principal was suspended by the department, we saw a gang of pupils calling themselves Boko Harams and The Niggers setting dogs on each other. They charged pupils with swords within the school. Police, even the MEC Bonakele Majuba, had to come down here to control the situation. It is clear that there would be bloodshed there,” said Nxumalo. Education spokesman Jasper Zwane said: “The gates are now open. Keys for offices are with the SGB chairperson. “We have instructed him to bring them back. We scheduled a parents meeting over the weekend to discuss the matter. All we will be okay. The situation is now under control. The district team met with the school management team in December to inform them about the principals return. They didn’t raise any objection. The principal was found not guilty by the department of allegations against him.”