THE Glamour Boys have wished the Kaizer Chiefs club a happy birthday. The Soweto giants turn 51 this week, amid low-key celebrations as a result of strict Covid-19 regulations. But the best gift Gavin Hunt’s men can deliver for the chairman, staff and everyone associated with the club is a win against Maritzburg United. Victories are as hard to come by for Amakhosi in the DStv Premiership, as the cure for the ravaging pandemic. They return to league action when they host Ernst Middendorp’s Maritzburg at FNB Stadium tomorrow (5pm). But it is unimaginable that Chiefs, the biggest sports brand in the country, are a point away from the relegation zone, having won just once in eight matches. It will be the first time Middendorp returns to his old turf since he left Amakhosi at the end of last season. But the focus is equally on Lazalous Kambole, with whom he had a not so cordial relationship. Kambole never enjoyed much game time under Middendorp, as he continued to misfire. But the Zambian international has the perfect opportunity to prove how wrong his ex-coach was to deny him the number 9 position. “It will be an emotional game, but business is business. We will talk on the pitch,” said Kambole with a chuckle. “Coming from the win in their last match, I think they are motivated. But we have to go out and make sure we win the game.” Buoyed by progression to the group stages in the Caf Champions League, the Glamour Boys will look to continue in the same vein of form. Despite their domestic blues, Hunt’s men keep punching above their weight in the tricky and demanding Caf competition. They edged Premeiro De Agosto 1-0 in Angola, surviving unpleasant health conditions to chalk up a victory. But Maritzburg troubled Amakhosi last season, accounting for their cup exit and also put a huge dent in their league hopes. “It’ll be different game to the Champions League game,” Kambole admitted. “We know what the local league is all about. But we are soldiers. We are ready. “We just have to continue working extra hard and believing. I’m on the right track. By the grace of God, I’ll start scoring.”