KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt has been encouraged by his side’s recent resurgence. The Glamour Boys seem determined to put their struggles this season behind them and bring the smile back onto the faces of their supporters. The Amakhosi faithful have not had a lot to smile about so far this season, with the Soweto giants’ form leaving a lot to be desired. They were closer to the bottom of the DStv Premiership log table than they were to the top at some point. But Hunt’s charges have now picked up six points from their last two matches, beating AmaZulu 1-0 and Cape Town City away 2-1 on Saturday. They have steadily climbed up the table and have now collected 13 points from their 11 outings. Hunt, as delighted as he has been with his side’s progress, is concerned with the hectic schedule they are enduring. “When you play every two days the legs go at some point,” said Hunt. “We have been to Cameroon, we’ve been to Angola. We have just been everywhere. “We played midweek, played at the weekend and now we have to play again on Tuesday. “But we can’t complain too much. We just have to pick up as many points as we can and get out of the situation we find ourselves in. “At the moment, I don’t even think too much, we are just out to get a few results. That’s all.” Hunt is hoping that his side continue to collect points when they face Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at FNB Stadium tomorrow. Although there has been an improvement in his side’s results of late, Hunt is not convinced they have turned the corner quite yet. “You can’t win a few games and think you’ve turned the corner,” insisted Hunt. “Not in football, not in South Africa at least. Anybody can beat anyone here. Our home record has been disastrous this season. We are back at home again on Tuesday and hopefully, we can try and turn it around. “It will take a big effort. We only get back (from Cape Town) on Monday so there won’t be any training. We just recover and go again. We then will have to come back to Cape Town on Saturday. People say it’s the first time the club has qualified for the Champions League group stages but it has taken a lot out of us, especially with the size of our squad.”