The wait is over - the first season of The Bachelorette South Africa is on its way. Thursday nights on prime time television will never be the same again as bachelorette, Qiniso van Damme begins her amazing journey to find love. According to M-Net, the American inspired reality show is going to be filled with romance, heartbreak, tears, thrills and drama. "Prime-time TV heats up as the suspense, the romance, the big revels and the even bigger decisions drive this riveting season debut of the global reality hit show The Bachelorette South Africa," the channel shared with Daily Sun. The channel further said a host of eligible young men will soon realise that the show is not for the faint of heart as they compete to win the affection of the vivacious model, actress and masters student. Here are the first five stunning gentlemen looking to win over the woman of their dreams, Qiniso. TEN NAIDU  He spent nine years travelling to 90 countries to teach, pray and find love! He wants to share the world and visit his 100th country with that special someone. Ten left Mzansi in his early teens and has returned to find love where he grew up. His philosophy is to embrace every experience and enjoy every moment. Ten is open, true and witty. He had a brief relationship with someone that reminds him of Qiniso and feels perhaps it foreshadowed this opportunity. He considers Qiniso more worldly than most ladies he has met and secretly hopes she makes for a great salsa partner. Ten is a qualified IT trainer and school teacher specialising in English, Information Technology, Math and recently began modelling overseas. NOTE: He is in touch with his emotions and has a charming confidence that is fun to witness. RUAN MEYER  The Bloemfontein native moved to Pretoria four years ago to study Architecture at TUT in Pretoria. This move broke up his relationship of three years with his high school sweetheart. He comes from a big family after his parents divorced and one remarried. Ruan runs his own emergining construction company while furthering his studies. He admits to having used his resemblance to “Game of Thrones” John Snow to win over the ladies, but he doesn't like it when the conversation does not move past his likeness. He has a strong Afrikaans accent and comes across as a small-town boy making it in a big city. He has travelled parts of Europe and says he would take Qiniso to Italy on a romantic date. NOTE: Still working towards his Architectural qualification. KGANYA RAPOO  Kganya can be described as a lovable geek with a smile that lights up a room, which is true to his name. A trainee chartered (not boring) accountant who is also a lecturer and a master’s student, his maturity will make you forget his young age. He is an extrovert who enjoys going out and having a good time. He has plenty of energy, loves public displays of affection and considers himself to be very sentimental. He is a peacemaker and a sounding board. NOTE: Energetic and lively! BRADLEY NEWTON  Bradley works in the banking and insurance industry. A trained athlete and avid hip hop dancer, this is a man with a life plan. He considers himself to be mature and a tad calculated. His answers are textbook but that is him - well planned and direct. For Bradley, everything needs to be executed with perfection. Because he is a sportsman and all-rounder he has high awareness and confidence. He travels the world and enjoys exclusive clubs and parties. NOTE: He loves hip hop and has a recording studio! DYLAN HENECK  Dylan lives in a converted BnB with eight of his friends. He completed a Bachelor of Business Science, however ended up in the music industry. He is a chameleon as he has many sides to him, but is generally laid back. He loves the spotlight and is a bit of a troublemaker. Dylan spends winters overseas and is a digital nomad! He has had many grand gestures in love, but never found the one. He has been through a lot of introspection as he has been a solo flyer for a long time. Women want commitment which he runs from! "Commitment is not my strong suit," he said. The show will make its debut on 11 February on M-Net (DStv channel 101) at 7.30pm.