MAMELODI Sundowns and Orlando Pirates’ match at Loftus Stadium on Saturday is a mother of all fixtures, but why are these sides unbeaten? SunSport details both sides’ strong points heading to what is arguably the biggest match in Mzansi’s football calendar in the DStv Premiership this campaign. Sundowns deadly trio:You cannot talk about Sundowns without highlighting the importance of Themba Zwane, Kermit Erasmus and Peter Shalulile. The latter duo, signed during the offseason, have picked up where they left off from their previous clubs - Cape Town City and Highlands Park respectively. The trio have been devastating and Sundowns being at the top they have been at the heart of everything good. They have scored 13 of 16 league goals scored by the club this season. Zwane, who walked away with three major individual awards last season, has a creative in abundance with his devilish passing with the outside of his foot. He’s responsible for carrying the main threat. The 31-year-old has made a fine start. The Bafana Bafana star has scored seven in seven matches for the Tshwane giants. Shalulile, who shared the PSL Golden Boot award with Gabadinho Mhango last season, has netted four in all league eight matches. On the other hand, Erasmus, has netted twice in five games. However, the former Pirates striker has missed the last three games due to an injury. It is unclear whether he’ll be fit for Saturday’s all-powerful match, though he’s back to training. Pirates showing their treble campaigns’ character and Josef Zinnbauer unbeaten against Sundowns. While Pirates are unbeaten this season and last suffered a defeated to Cape Town City last season when Erasmus scored the winner at the Saturday’s venue, but there are similarities of this side to that of the famous treble team of 2010-12 seasons. Pirates are scoring goals in the latter part of matches. Games against SuperSport United (2-1 win), Baroka (1-1 draw), Chippa United (1-0 win), has seen Pirates either win or salvage a draw. Zinnbauer, who guided Bucs to their first trophy since 2014 - the MTN8 this month- has lost just two league matches since he was appointed in December last year. In those losses (which came against Kaizer Chiefs and City), he's unbeaten against Sundowns. In two matches he has faced them, he has won once (in February when Mhango scored at Orlando Stadium) and drew the other in the bubble. Who will win? It is difficult to call that because there are little weaknesses in both teams. But whoever commits a mistake, will suffer dearly. These two sides, despite playing to a goalless draw in the bio bubble in August when last season restarted, this game always provide fireworks and one can be sure of that. But without fear or favour, these two teams are set to have a final say of where this season’s league title goes.