TS Galaxy have no intentions of being involved in a relegation dog-fight this season. The Rockets will do everything in their power to steer clear of the danger zone, according to their striker Wayde Lekay. The Mpumalanga outfit recently escaped the dreaded drop zone after they got their second win of the season against fellow struggler Maritzburg United. And now, they intend to keep climbing up the DStv Premiership table and get as far as possible from the bottom. They are currently in 13th spot with 11 points from 12 matches. They are only two points clear of the relegation zone. But Lakay insists they are not going back there. “We don’t want to see ourselves in that last position again,” said Lekay. “You know being at the bottom of the table is very hard, it’s not easy to deal with. “It even affects your daily life, knowing that you are at the bottom of the log. But with the quality we have in the team, we always knew that we would be able to turn the corner. “As coach Owen (Da Gama) said, we are going to turn the corner and it’s time we show the attitude and consistency. “It’s just about us going out there and doing our best with a great attitude and mind-set. That is what the coach encourages and he told us that we will get out of that situation and we all believed it.” The Rockets, however, have a tough battle ahead of them this afternoon (5 pm) against Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium. They will be hoping to get something from that encounter if they are serious about moving away from the danger zone. Lekay insists that Pirates are beatable and is confident they have enough quality to turn Bucs over. “It’s going to be a tough game, we know this,” added Lekay. “It’s going to take a lot out of us but we have to go out there with the right mindset and focus on ourselves. “As soon as we do that, I believe we can get a result. It is there for the taking and it’s up to us to take our chances. I think it's key for us to go out there and show some consistency against Pirates.” 