THE appointment of a CEO by Safa will be delayed and the preferred candidate will now be named at the end of this month. Initially, Safa’s plans were to announce the successful candidate for the plum job in the middle of this month. However, SunSport has learned that it won’t be the case anymore. This is due to Safa President Danny Jordaan’s busy schedule as he is campaigning for support around the continent for Mamelodi Sundowns president Patrice Motsepe, who is vying for the CAF presidency. Jordaan has been busy garnering support around the continent since Safa endorsed Motsepe’s candidacy late last year. The Caf presidential election, to replace the suspended Malagasy Ahmad Ahmad, will take place in Morocco on 12 March. Safa, having narrowed down the number of candidates for the CEO from five to three, are set to choose between current CEO Tebogo Motlanthe, Happy Ntshingila or Lydia Monyepao. Last year these individuals were already sent for rigorous independent checks. “The Safa president was expected to announce his preferred candidate of the CEO in the mid of January,” said an insider. “But because of his travelling, campaigning for the Caf presidential election for Motsepe and the resurfacing of the coronavirus pandemic, that has put things back off a bit. “The preferred candidate will be announced towards the end of January.” The majority of people are in favour of Motlanthe, who has been in the post since March before the outbreak of Covid-19. He has turned things around for the cash-strapped association in this difficult period for football financially around the world. As a result of his leadership, Safa recorded a surplus of R53 million in its financial statement last year. This after they recorded a loss of R74.5 million in 2019. Safa credited Motlanthe for turning around the association’s financial position. The advocate has also seen other football administrators rally behind him to be given the post permanently. However, this remains to be seen as SunSport recently reported that Jordaan was in favour of Ntshingila. Ntshingila was the man behind the Absa sponsorship of the Premier Soccer League while he was the bank’s marketing chief. SunSport understands that Monyepao, who played for Banyana Banyana in her active days, might be appointed as the chief operations officer.