THE Momentum Proteas produced a battling performance to edge out Pakistan Women by 14 runs in 2nd One-Day International (ODI) match at Hollywoodbets Kingsmead Stadium in Durban on Saturday. That means the Proteas have won the series (2-0 having won the first ODI) as they secure an unassailable lead in the three-match ODI series Mzansi’s star of the show was Marizanne Kapp, who scored her ninth ODI half-century and went away with three wickets to guide the Proteas to the victory. The visitors’ captain Javeria Khan had won the toss and chose to bat first. The Momentum Proteas, for the first time, were donning their black kit in the fight to spread awareness around gender-based violence (GBV).  In what was supposed to be a sea of black at Kingsmead as part of the inaugural Black Day, an initiative partnering with Momentum, KZN Cricket Union and the POWA to raise awareness against the scourge. South Africa, in hot day in Durban, saw Kapp in sparkling form as she found gaps to get 68 runs from 45 balls to see Mzansi record 252 runs to 7 wickets. Pakistan Women could only get 239/8 with the duo of Nida Dar and Aliya Riaz with a record fifth wicket stand of 111 runs. Unfortunately for the visitors the stand between Dar and Riaz was not enough to secure victory as the hosts fought back with the ball. The hosts will take a lot of encouragement from their two games given this was their fifth consecutive win and will hope to continue on that winning streak in the last game, in what will be formality, also in Durban on Tuesday next week. Momentum’s head of sponsorship, Carel Bosman, whose financial institution has been sponsoring CSA since 2012, said seeing Proteas wearing back kit was a proper response to the GVB that was described as the pandemic in its own right by country’s President Cyril Ramaphosa. “Our statistics and research shows that women in South Africa are faced by Gender Based Violence...it’s crazy,” said Bosman. “Previously there was a Pink-Day for men’s team which is for breast cancer. I think this is absolutely right because men are unfortunately causing havoc and women are the one that are suffering. “It is just great to use this international match in partnership with CSA because both us have been thinking about for long time.”