THE Safa Referees Review Committee has sanctioned some referees following poor officiating in the DStv Premiership. Referees, Jelly Chavani, Thokozani Mkhize, and assistant referee, Andile Mncwango were found guilty and they have been suspended. Referee Chavani, who denied Orlando Pirates a penalty against Swallows FC will not officiate any PSL match for four weeks. According to Safa’s referees' committee, Chavani also made a wrong call by booking Pirates player Fortune Makaringe for simulation in the said incident. “The correct decision would have been to award a penalty in favour of Orlando Pirates,” said the statement. “As a result, the Review Committee has recommended that the referee not officiate any games in the PSL or Glad Africa Championship for a period of 4 (four) weeks, effective immediately.” In the other incident which happened in a match between Mamelodi Sundowns and Bloemfontein Celtic, Mkhize and his assistant, Mncwango were also found guilty. In the 0-0 draw between the league defending champions and Celtic at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Tuesday‚ Motebang Sera was denied what could have been the winner for Siwelele‚ when assistant referee Mncwango wrongly flagged him offside. The duo made an incorrect decision according to the Safa Referees Review Committee. “The referee, Thokozani Mkhize and second assistant referee, Andile Mncwango, were incorrect to disallow the goal scored by Sera Motebang in the 61st minute. Motebang was not in an offside position. This incorrect decision had a direct impact on the outcome of the match. “The Review Committee has recommended that the second assistant referee, Andile Mncwango, not be appointed for games in the PSL or Glad Africa Championship for a period of 16 weeks. “The Review Committee has also recommended that the referee, Thokozani Mkhize not be appointed for games in the PSL or Glad Africa Championship for a period of 4 weeks.” In a game between Kaizer Chiefs and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), the committee said the referee, Abongile Tom made no error he was right by sending off both Bernard Parker and Alfred Ndengane. However, TTM forward Aluwani Nedzamba’s deliberate lunge on Parker will be referred to the PSL for possible further disciplinary action.