 RESIDENTS living in the northern parts of KZN have been warned against the impact of tropical cyclone Eloise. This warning was issued by the MEC for Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs (COGTA), Sipho Hlomuka on Saturday, 23 January. He said Eloise is expected to on Sunday, 24 January, but disaster management teams have been placed on standby. “Residents in the northern parts of the province are warned of the imminent threat posed by the tropical cyclone Eloise which is expected to land tomorrow. Currently, disaster management teams together with community development workers, councillors, traditional councils and ward committee members in the uMkhanyakude, King Cetshwayo and Zululand districts have embarked on an extensive awareness drive warning residents in areas that have been identified by the South African Weather Service as areas that could experience heavy downpours,” said Hlomuka. He said among these areas is Big Five-Hlabisa, Jozini, Mtubatuba, uMhlabuyalingana, Abaqulusi, eDumbe, Mthonjaneni, Nongoma, Ulundi, uMlalazi and uPhongolo. “These areas could experience widespread flooding of roads and settlements as a result of the continuous heavy rains. Residents in these areas have been warned to avoid unnecessary trips which could see them stranded as a result of bridges and roads being flooded. Residents are also urged to abide by the instructions from their local disaster management officials, especially in areas where evacuations might be needed,” said Hlomuka. He added that his department has directed municipalities in high-risk areas to ensure that public facilities such as community halls are placed on standby to house residents that might be displaced by the heavy rains. He added that residents are urged to follow safety measures. “Like having enough potable water for at least three days, have three days' supply of non-perishable foods, have a battery-powered radio and flashlight, have gas or other alternative energy sources for safe heating of water and cooking, have a first aid kit and a supply of chronic medication, have matches and candles, have enough masks, soap and sanitisers, compile a list of contact details for the local emergency services and medical practitioners,” he said. He said residents should also make sure that they secure key documents such as IDs and bank cards in waterproof containers. He added that residents needed to try and stay indoors, monitor the news, avoid low-lying areas, avoid the shores of rivers, avoid dry river beds as flash flooding can occur suddenly due to severe rain upriver, avoid crossing rivers by wading or driving through the water and avoid shelter under trees or use umbrellas when out in the rain to avoid being struck by lightning.