KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt has been delighted by the progress his side have made since the beginning of the season. Amakhosi have begun to turn the corner following their poor start to the season. They have hit a bit of form lately, collecting 10 points from a possible 12 in their last four matches. The Glamour Boys have been slowly regaining their mojo and now sit in seventh spot on the DStv Premiership. Their winning run might have been halted by Stellenbosch FC at the weekend when they were held to a goalless draw but Hunt is not too disheartened. The former Bidvest Wits coach believes there are more positives than there are negatives for his side and they need to continue playing with the same vigour. They will not have any time to mull over their draw with Stellies as games continue to come thick and fast for Amakhosi. They next face Baroka FC at FNB Stadium on Tuesday. “I’m not at all happy with where we are now because we know we should be higher up the table but I’m happy we are showing a little bit more than we were at the beginning of the season,” said Hunt. “We try and improve every week and every game so we can get better. There is still a long way to go, we are not even halfway, there’s a long way to go.” Hunt, who has been bemoaning the tough schedule his side have this month, has had to be smart in the way he manages his team. But he has admitted that they are at a point where they can’t afford to rest anyone anymore as they look to finish the grueling period on a high. Hunt’s charges have two more matches this month against Bakgaga and Orlando Pirates in the Soweto derby. “We are not in a position to rest people because we don’t have the numbers,” added Hunt. “We will just keep playing. I don’t even think about the derby, we have Baroka on Tuesday. “I just think about where and how we can continue to improve. We need to score more goals and concede less if you ask any football coach what they would like to improve. It would be those two aspects. We are creating a lot of chances so we need to take them as often as we can.”