THERE’S a fairy tale story of Swallows FC doing well this season in the DStv Premiership, but Golden Arrows are going about their business in the same way. The Durban-based side kept their unbeaten record going as they narrow beat struggling Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila at Princess Magogo Stadium on Saturday. From sixth position before the match, they moved to fourth with 18 points from ten gams. Arrows goal came from Velemseni Ndwandwe to see Abafana Bes’Thende remain unbeaten thus far alongside Swallows and log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. As it has been the case this season at home, Arrows started on front foot. They took the lead in the 19th minute when Velemseni toe-poked in after getting on the end of Pule Moodi’s delicious cross. It was good day in the office for Ndwandwe, troubled by injuries in the last two seasons, as this game was his 50th game for the club. He was honoured with framed jersey before the match to crown the occasion. Mutizwa should have added a second few minutes later after a long ball was failed to clear by Lebogang Mabotja. The Zim marksman, who was looking to score his first goal this season, was denied by Brighton Mhlongo, who made a double save also from the follow-up by Moodi. Things got worse though for the visitors. Joseph Molangoane, on his first start this season having had in-running with the club, was given a straight red card after an atrocious tackle to Mmodi in 30th minute. With the TTM man down, the home side continued to dazzle and paper their goal. Sboniso Conco, after a great inter-passing between Ntsako Makhubela, Knox Mutizwa and Mmodi, should have added the gloss into the score line but his first time strike went wide. This Arrows side under Ncikazi, who was sacked in his short stint at Maritzburg United in 2015-16 season, it seems he learnt a lot there despite not winning any of the game in five in charge. His side are not short of ideas and whatever he's telling them they carry Ncikazi's game plan to the tee. Not to say they are yet to be tested, they have been this season. Kaizer Chiefs, Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United were left unstuck. However, Pirates, at Orlando Stadium on Wednesday, will be a big test for them as matches against Chiefs, Sundowns and SuperSport have been at home. Arrows were also playing in KwaMashu for the first since 2018. Their last game they played at the venue was against Kaizer Chiefs (won 2-1) on 1 December that year before the venue was closed due to bad surface. The club was told not to use the venue anymore as it was in bad state and they moved to Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium ever since then.  However, Sugar Ray in Clermont, was unavailable as the pitch was waterlogged on 5 January and saw the game against Balck Leopards postponed. Their previous match, a 1-0 against Chippa United, was played at Moses Mabhida Stadium.