ALL she wanted was to make sure that her man only had eyes for her. So she gave him korobela in 2018. But instead of the korobela making him love her and only her, it drove him away a week later. That was the last time the 38-year-old woman from Naledi, Soweto, ever had a boyfriend. As if that was not painful enough, men have since been running away from her and she doesn’t know what to do. “I am tired of lonely nights – my punani is tired of being dry. “I need help to get back into the mjolo game,” the woman said. She told Daily Sun that her nightmare started when her best friend recommended a sangoma for korobela, and she consulted without any hesitation. “My boyfriend used to cheat a lot and I wanted to put an end to it. I made a decision that I now regret,” she said. Right after giving him the korobela, her man started to act up. “He would get angry with me for no reason and ended up dumping me. I begged him to stay, but no words were able to help me keep him,” said the woman. “I’ve never been approached by any man after that. I even decided to shoot my shot when I realised that no man was coming my way, but nothing has worked.” She told the People’s Paper that she went back to the sangoma who gave her the korobela, but he was nowhere to be found. “I went to another sangoma in my kasi who told me that I needed cleansing. “She cleansed me, but that didn’t work either,” she said. “I just want to be happy and lie on someone’s chest. I need a boyfriend. I’m getting old and don’t want to end up alone.” Meanwhile, the woman’s ex-boyfriend said he left because he had stopped loving her. He said he made a lot of mistakes in their three-year relationship, but he didn’t leave because of the woman he used to cheat with. “I just wanted the relationship to end. We’re young and not married. I don’t understand why she begged me like that.” He said he just fell out of love. “We had plans and at some point we spoke about lobola. But I changed my mind. She’s not the person I want to spend the rest of my life with,” he said. “She needs to move on because I have.” The woman’s best friend said she regretted advising her to get korobela for her man. “I guess different things work for different people. I just wanted her to be happy without any interference,” she said. Daily Sun also spoke to the woman’s aunt, whom she confided in when things went south. She said the first thing she told her was that their family never used muthi, which was why things didn’t go as planned. “We’re currently trying to find help for her, but we’re failing,” the aunt said. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said the woman’s ancestors were unhappy with her for using muthi on a man. “It appears that her family didn’t like muthi. That’s the reason things went south.” He said that she should have rather asked her ancestors to protect her relationship and stayed away from muthi.