The ANC's parliamentary caucus on Saturday said that it was committed to non-racialism and non-sexism, amid a social media furore over what it called a "routine filling in of a vacancy". The storm arose over the election of Chinese-born Xiaomei Havard to the National Assembly, as a member of the parliamentary caucus. Havard is set to replace the late Jackson Mthembu as Minister in the Presidency. She was sworn in on Wednesday. However, the ANC received a backlash on social media, with many arguing that South African-born citizens should be favoured in political appointments. So today harena bafu via nacosec, and Minister Mthembu is replaced by a Chinese born Xiaomei Harvard.@lgchefa and @thatomochone Jackson Mthembu’s position in the national assembly will be filled by Dr Xiaomei Havard from Gauteng. Minister of Small Business Development Khumbudzo Ntshaveni will, until further notice, act as the minister in the presidency. pic.twitter.com/hFYPpyTMFT There is a chinese village in Bloemfontein, in it is only chinese, the irony of it is that next to it is blacks surbub called Mandela view, they made a point that no any other nationality come to stay there. They came here to take land and seats in national assembly.  In a statement, chief whip Pemmy Majodina said the appointments had been made on the basis of non-sexism and non-racialism. "The ANC Parliamentary Caucus has noted with grave concern the social media storm generated by the routine filling in of a vacancy in its 2019 national to national candidates list," Majodina said. “It was … commitment to our long held bedrock principle on non-racialism and non-sexism that saw Comrade Xiaomei Havard elected to our National Assembly as a member of our Parliamentary Caucus.” Havard is a trained ICT professional, a computer scientist, businesswoman, and a philanthropist with a PhD. She is South African and an ANC Member of good standing ????Race should not matter pic.twitter.com/aS92wInxPU  She has lived in South Africa since 1994 and is married to a South African citizen. According to the statement from the caucus, Havard had supported the ANC through Chinese political structures since childhood. In 2009, she stood in the elections on an ANC ticket. "The African National Congress included her name in the national list and her appointment meets constitutional muster and is allowed," said Majodina. "It is also important to recall that the South African National Assembly has had Members of Parliament of different origins who had been naturalised in our system who were not South African by birth, including the former Minister of Housing the late Comrade Joe Slovo." https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/anc-hits-back-at-social-media-criticism-of-jackson-mthembus-replacement-20210130