SPORTS, Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa has paid tribute to the actors who died in the past week. Through a statement released by his department, he said the past week was a bad week for the arts and culture sector. He included Thoko Ndlozi, Wandi “DJ 1D” Nzimande, Knowledge Simelane, Welcome “Bhodloza” Nzimande, Kabelo “KB“ Molopyane and Dr Sam Phillips in the statement. "The nation has been struck by the loss of prominent figures within an already volatile industry that has been the hardest hit by the impact of Covid-19. This has been a very difficult week for the arts and culture sector, as well as the country at large," read the statement. Minister Mthethwa had different things to say about each of the creatives and what they have achieved. ALSO READ |HLENGIWE MHLABA: I'M NOT DEAD! Speaking about late Kings of Joburg actor, Dr Sam Phillips, he said: "Dr Phillips set a benchmark of true excellence. He was a humble practitioner whose work ethic spoke volumes of his commitment to his craft. In his 40-year career, he played a key role in driving transformation within the acting space. He was an icon with many achievements and titles but to his family, who are in our thoughts today, he was a loving father, grandfather, husband and friend.” Speaking about Ukhozi FM's Bhodloza, the minister said: "Mr Nzimande’s investment in the preservation of the heritage of our indigenous music is the best gift that he bestowed upon our nation. He and Prof Joseph Shabalala of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, established a platform for this in 1987, taking isicathamiya music to the world stage." The department also sympathised with the family and fans of the late creatives. "The Department of Sport, Arts and Culture offers its heartfelt condolences to the families, colleagues, friends and the industry at large," they wrote. Minister @NathiMthethwaSA and the Department @SportArtsCultur mourn with the nation during this unprecedented moment in South African history. pic.twitter.com/c7fyeebjxG 