THINGS are not going well in Bafana Khoza’s life. He believes his father is behind all his bad luck and misfortune. The 34-year-old from Naledi in Soweto told Daily Sun it all started when his mum died in June last year. Although he never had a good relationship with his father, things went from bad to worse after the death. “My father lied about having financial difficulties and he wanted to bury my mum after two weeks. I was against this and pulled some strings to bury her in a week. “My father felt embarrassed and was angry with me,” claimed Bafana, “but I felt he was humiliating my mum.” He said his bad luck started a few weeks later when he lost his job at a bank. He got another job at another bank, but was fired within six months. “This is when I realised something is wrong with me and beleived my father had something to do with it,” he claimed. Bafana said he’s also a DJ, but getting paid for gigs was a problem. “I lost everything, including my car. My relationships are also not working out. One of my exes had a miscarriage and I believe this has everything to do with the curse. I’m even hated by people in my neighbourhood,” he said. Bafana said he went to a sangoma and was told him a dark cloud was hanging over him. “He told me everything happening to me had something to do with family, but he wasn’t specific,” said Bafana. “My father offered to help, but I fear things will go from bad to worse. “I believe it’s him because I think he used muthi when mum was still alive. A few months after she died, he tried to put muthi around the yard, but I removed it,” claimed Bafana. But Bafana’s father, Smangaliso, said he didn’t know what his son wanted from him. He said he had nothing to do with what was happening to him. Smangaliso also denied ever putting muthi around the yard. “Bafana disrespected me to the core, but I still offered to help him. “I tried getting a sangoma to help him, but he only went once,” the dad told the People’s Paper. Smangaliso said he didn’t understand why Bafana thought he wanted bad things for him. “I raised him and sent him to university. I obviously want the best for him,” he said. “Since he thinks so low of me, he can actually go to hell. “I want nothing to do with him.” Bafana’s stepmum said she tried to bring Bafana to his senses, but he was disrespectful. She said Bafana allegedly assaulted his father at some point. “I don’t care what your parent did or said, you don’t lay a hand on them. I’ve tried to help make things better, but I’ve given up,” she said. Sangoma Dungamanzi claimed someone used muthi on Bafana so that people around him, including his family, hated him. He said this was the reason he kept losing jobs. “Right now he doesn’t even talk to most of his family members. This has been there before his mum’s death, but she was a shield, so it started to affect him when she died,” Dungamanzi said.