THE DA has said the delay in the reopening of schools will hamper the progress of pupils. The party’s shadow minister of Basic Education Baxolile “Bax” Nodada said the government must reconsider the decision it has taken. “We strongly believe the health and safety of learners and teachers should be prioritised, however, we do not believe delaying the start of the academic year will achieve this,” he said. Nodada said the reopening of schools has been postponed because of the failure by the government to proactively prepare. “Instead of halting schooling for two weeks, the Department of Basic Education in conjunction with school districts should have used the time during the school holiday wisely and worked meticulously to equip schools with proper Covid resources to keep learners and teachers safe,” he said. Earlier today, Deputy Minister of Basic Education Reginah Mhaule announced the reopening of schools has been postponed by two more weeks to 15 February. The EFF supported the decision by the department, saying it will save lives. “This is a logical decision in the face of the vicious spread of coronavirus which has claimed the lives of more than 35 000 people in South Africa and continues to overwhelm our fragile healthcare system,” said EFF spokesman Vuyani Pambo. He, however, said the approach of the government towards private schools is cowardice. “We are disgusted by the fact that private schools will be ‘persuaded to close’ which effectively means that private schools have the discretion to remain open whilst the government schools are closed,” said Pambo. Nodada said the disruptions of last year affected pupils and having them disrupted again is a huge problem. “Particularly those in poorer, less-resourced communities, where children also depend on the National School Nutrition Programme to provide them with regular, healthy meals. The delay in the reopening of schools is unfortunate and will hamper learners’ education careers rather than help them,” he said.