CHIPPA United striker Bienvenu Eva Nga is not losing sleep over goals that seem to have dried up since November last year, but his coach Dan “Dance” Malesela will need his ruthlessness on Saturday. The Cameroonian international started his career with the Chilli Boys on a high note following his arrival from the now defunct Bidvest Wits last year. The bulky striker scored a hat-trick to help the Port Elizabeth-based side demolish Maritzburg United 3-1 on 3 November. He thought this was a great start towards achieving his goal of winning the DStv top scorer award, come end of season. But since then Eva Nga has failed to find the back of net in seven league matches. Ironically, this was their only win in 10 outings this season and the winless run also cost coach Lehlohonolo Seema his job, and he was replaced by Malesela who returned for the umpteenth time. The lanky player is aware that he will need to dig deep to come up with a slick strategy that will breach his opposition defence that seems to have noticed his style of play. Said Eva Nga: “We drew 2-2 with SuperSport. “It was not an easy game as it was raining. But we fought to get one point. Then we went to Durban to play Golden Arrows which was a little bit easy, but we lost 1-0. “It’s football, we need to accept what is happening. There is only one winner and we lost on the day.” The 27-year-old is confident that his side will turn the corner at the expense of TS Galaxy and move away from the relegation zone. Worse is that the two clubs have a sour history after Malesela was axed by The Rockets, and now he will have to prove to the Mpumalanga outfit that they’ve made a big mistake. But Malesela said it won’t be a grudge match and he’ll treat it as another ordinary match where they will be gunning for points aainst Owen Da Gama’s lads. Eva Nga has supported Malesela’s sentiments: “We are working hard to ensure we win the game. We will fight and give our all. “I could see that my colleagues are working extremely hard and we will get the three points.” Despite the setback, Eva Nga believes all is not lost to ensure he finishes the season with the scorers award in his hands. “I know this season I will score many goals,” he declared. “Having three goals and one assist is not bad. I have been working hard trying to take the small chances the coach has given me to bring success to the team. I will keep fighting to get the result. I know it’s not easy because another team is also prepared for that (to stop him from scoring).” Eva Nga believes Malesela will move the team to a better position on the log table. “We have a good coach who keeps pushing us to make us work hard and I like how he works and I hope we get victory for him on Saturday,” he said. WEEKEND FIXTURES Saturday SUNDAY