MUNGHANA Lonene FM’s popular veteran DJ Roy Roy Ngobeni (68) has died from Covid-19. Affectionately known as Mbhuri ya Mlambya, Roy Roy died at Polokwane Hospital in Limpopo in the early hours of Wednesday, 20 January. His eldest son Hubern confirmed his death, revealing to Daily Sun that he had been diagnosed with Covid-19 on Monday shortly after being admitted to the hospital with complications. “Dad started complaining of pains last Thursday, but was given medication and sent home. But his condition deteriorated on Sunday, and he was rushed to Polokwane Hospital on Monday. He was admitted after he tested positive for Covid-19. Unfortunately he died at about 1.30am today. We are still planning his funeral,” Hubern said. ALSO READ: ARTISTS CALL FOR MINISTER MTHETHWA’S RESIGNATION He said that it was important for people to follow Covid-19 precautionary measures and regulations. Multi-award-winning Xitsonga disco singer General Muzka expressed his shock at the news. “We are still trying to come to terms with his untimely death, which is a great loss. He was a brother, mentor and icon who took Xitsonga music artists, especially in Bushbuckridge, to greater heights. This included the Soul Lovers, Pensele and even myself. He unearthed singing talents in deep rural areas and recorded them. He then aired them on Munghana Lonene FM, which was called Radio Tsonga then,” General said. Artist Pensele said: “I am still shocked and deeply saddened by the passing of the man who touched my life at the deepest level, and immensely contributed to the success of my music career. He taught me what radio looked like. I worked with him for a long time at Khuwanapitsa Multicultural Foundation as one of the board of directors, uplifting artists and hosting historic annual music festivals.” Vision FM head of news Riot Hlatshwayo said: “Sometimes, when you get news that a very close associate is no more, you find it hard to believe. Roy Roy was one of my best and close associates who paved my journalism career. May his soul rest in perfect peace.” Roy Roy worked at the Polokwane-based MLFM station from 1976. He hosted various shows such Xitimela Xa Ni Mixo, Choral Music, The Golden Oldies and the morning breakfast show. He was the first producer of the Mina Hi Mina omnibus radio soapie before he retired in 2009. But due to popular demand, he started freelancing for the station. He is survived by his wife Lydia, three children – Hubern, Marvin and Jester – and sister Rejoice.