HEALTH Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize has reassured South Africans that the much awaited Covid-19 vaccine will land at the OR Tambo International Airport on Monday. The vaccine will be coming from the Indian Serum Institute, after there has been some uncertainty on the arrival on the lifesaving jabs. However, for the roll out to start, it will take about two weeks before the vaccine is distributed nationally. “The vaccines will be arriving on 1 February. We have a compulsory process of quarantine, where we have to do quality checks and look out for contamination and ensure that all the vaccines are in good order before they are released to various provinces,” Mkhize told Newzroom Afrika on Thursday. Mkhize said the process will take a minimum of 10 days and after that the vaccines will be distributed to the provinces. “We should expect that between 10 and 14 working days, we would have started by then.” He said if the laboratory checks are done quicker, the roll out may also start soon. He said the department is ready. “We have a million doses expected on Monday, and we have half a million that will be coming later on during the course of the month. If there is more, we will announce.” With the first batch of vaccine, the department of health is aiming to vaccinate healthcare workers, and the other essential services workers such as police will follow thereafter and the rest of the population. Minister Mkhize said they are hoping to vaccinate more than 40 million people in South Africa before the end of the year. “We need to push, find mechanism to sure that as many as possible 40 million people are actually vaccinated. We have only about a year to push.” He added that there are about 3 000 healthcare workers who have been trained and will assist in administering the vaccine. On the doubts that people may have about taking the jab, Mkhize said: “We believe that the vaccine is nothing unusual. Most of our health workers have been using vaccinations, so the side effects from the vaccine are some of the things we should look out for.”