MASALA Mulaudzi had a dream, a dream to build a football empire and perhaps leave a legacy. But so far, that dream has turned out to be nothing but a nightmare for the Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivandila (TTM) supremo. Mulaudzi has hoovered up column inches since he bought the status of the Bidvest Wits in a multi-million rand deal in October. What followed, however, has been a circus… and a case study illustrating how not to run a professional football club. From the word go, the club had chaos written all over it. The team had insufficient players for their MTN8 Cup match-day squad. Later, contracts were terminated, salaries were not paid in full, clearances were not issued, players boycotted training over unpaid salaries. Mulaudzi would soon learn that life in top-flight football is not as easy as picking low-hanging avocadoes from the tree as a financial crisis hit the club. He has thrown in the towel, having reportedly sold the club to local businessman Ditonkana Sello, pending approval from the PSL. That brings me to the point: did the PSL not foresee this crisis, which has brought nothing but disgrace to the game? I remember how the League was criticised for turning down an application for the sale of Free State Stars four years ago. The inability of the prospective owners, a Panyaza Lesufi-led consortium, to meet the asking price was highlighted as the major stumbling block. The PSL also refused to ratify the deal between Thanda Royal Zulu and AmaZulu because various issues were surrounding the documentation provided by the seller and the buyer, although following numerous hold-ups involving incomplete paperwork and unsatisfactory terms, the deal was approved by the PSL’s Exco. In the two instances, the PSL was correct to disapprove the transactions and the current shenanigans in Venda appear to vindicate their strict due diligence process. The process is an examination of financial records before two parties enter into a proposed transaction. Of course, the League can’t prevent the trading of statuses as they are often necessitated by varying circumstances. But concerning TTM, there appear to be more questions than answers about the League’ due diligence process. They will do well to take the new owner, Sello, through a rigorous process to prevent another Mulaudzi situation in the future. Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso