SOCCER legends are pleading with politicians to stop pushing their noses into sports because they are destroying the beautiful game. “Politicians are welcome to help finance the game but must not run it because they are ruining it,” said famous players such as former Orlando Pirates defender Edward “Magents” Motale, former Pirates player Thulasizwe Mbuyane and former Mamelodi Sundowns player Thokozani Mnguni. Magents Motale told Daily Sun three soccer stadiums – HM Pitjie Stadium in Mamelodi, Caledonian Stadium in Arcadia and Odi Stadium in Mabopane – are turning into dump sites. Motale said he started playing soccer professionally in the Caledonian Stadium in 1986 but the stadium has been vandalised and is now in a bad state. “Politicians must stay away from sport,” he said. “It’s really a shame that young people’s dreams of playing football in these stadiums have been jeopardised.” He said as a result, kids are playing soccer in the streets while stadiums are rusting away in the rain. “Last year the community tried to clean HM Pitjie Stadium, but it made no difference,” Magents said. He said young people have turned the stadium into a drug den.  Magents said he used to train young people at HM Pitjie for free but it’s too overgrown now. “I don’t need a salary but I need good facilities to train young people,” he said. Thulasizwe Mbuyane said they enjoyed playing football in those stadiums. “We beg the municipality to fix these stadiums and make them serviceable again,” he said. He said the kasi needed stadiums to sharpen up the youths’ skills. Thokozani Mnguni, said the municipality is robbing young players of their future. “We lack activities in the kasi and the youth are ending up in drugs and crime,” he said. City of Tshwane acting chief of staff, Jordan Griffiths said HM Pitjie and Odi are continuously funded for maintenance in the city’s budget. “Unfortunately, it’s an endless and costly cycle where the city repairs the stadiums only for vandals to damage and steal from them,” he said. “A full refurbishment and remodelling of Caledonian is planned. Conceptual designs are in place and approved, unfortunately legal disputes with contractors at the stadium have delayed the progress.”