THE trial against a cop accused of murder has been postponed as he’s reportedly in quarantine. Detective Constable Aaron Moriri (46) from the Mhala cop shop in Thulamahashe near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, didn’t appear in court on Friday. Prosecutor Lot Mgiba told the court: “I’m not the prosecutor dealing with this matter. But I received a report this morning from accused’s lawyer Kgama Shai, saying the accused is sick and currently on medication, and also quarantined.” Moriri pleaded not guilty during a lengthy trial before the Mhala Regional Court in December last year. This comes after he allegedly triggered an R5 rifle, killing Comfort Kubayi (27) during a raid by cops at his house in Thulamahashe at around 11.30pm on 13 April 2010. The cops were looking for stolen items from him but didn’t find any. In his previous appearance, Shai argued his client was acting in self-defence from being attacked by Comfort with a blade. He said the gun apparently triggered. He said the bullet then went hit the wall and then Comfort before hitting his colleague, who was later hospitalised after it got him in the hand. Comfort’s brother Olly Kubayi (41) and his wife Audrey Mashile (33) both testified. They said the accused deliberately shot Comfort in his bedroom after he and two other cops found him hiding underneath his bed in the house. They said one of the cops grabbed him from behind and forced him to walk. But he apparently refused, saying he would walk on his own. They alleged a second cop rudely ordered the accused to “shoot him” . The two said they saw the accused shoot Comfort in the stomach and he collapsed on the spot. They said the three cops then pulled out a blade underneath the headboard, saying they would use it as their evidence. The couple told the court the cops dragged Comfort from his bedroom and threw him into the back of an unmarked police bakkie and drove off with him. Warrant Officer Godfrey Mawela also testified that on the day in question he had reported for duty at Mhala Police Station. He told the court one of the constables came running into the charge office, saying they had a severely wounded person in the bakkie outside. Mawela said he rushed out and saw Comfort lying in the back of the open bakkie, covered in blood. Mawela said he quickly ordered the constables to rush Comfort to the nearby Thulamahashe Community Health Centre. He said nurses told him the constables had dumped him at the facility and left without saying anything. He was certified dead upon arrival. Magistrate Majaji Ngobeni postponed the matter until 5 February.