SWALLOWS FC had to dig deep to hang on to their unbeaten run. It appeared as though Orlando Pirates had clipped the wings of the high-flying birds but they fought back to earn a hard-fought 1-1 draw at a rainy Orlando Stadium yesterday. The Dube Birds almost had their hearts broken with a first defeat of the season looking likely. Ben Motshwari popped up with what seemed to be the winner late in the second half for Pirates but Kamohelo Mahlatsi equalised for the Birds in the original Soweto derby. Swallows have been flying high in the league and headed into the encounter beaming in confidence. They managed to hang on to their unbeaten run and have now amassed 22 points from a possible 30. Brandon Truter’s Birds might have lost ground on leaders and defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns at the top of the DStv Premiership standings but they will be pleased to have avoided defeat. Pirates, on the other hand, will have to wait to return to winning ways having suffered defeat to Sundowns before meeting Swallows. The Birds started the brighter of the two teams as Thabo Matlaba looked to get one over his former employers with a customary long-range effort but Wayne Sandilands was equal to the task in the Bucs goal. The 37-year-old shot-stopper had to have his wits about him as Swallows’ red-hot striker Ruzaigh Gamildien put him to yet another test a few moments later with a first time shot. Pirates warmed to the task late in the first half as Wayde Jooste whipped in a dangerous cross which evaded every one of his teammates much to the relief of Virgil Vries in the Swallows goal. The second half was no different to the first with Swallows the more adventurous of the two sides as they looked to pull off a stunning surprise over the mighty Bucs. The goals would finally arrive with Motshwari opening the scoring in the 85th minute but Mahlatsi earned the Birds a point in the 90th minute. Pirates next face Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) at Thohoyandou Stadium on Wednesday while Swallows face Baroka at Peter Mokaba on Saturday.