IN an era where South Africa battles to export talent overseas, it was quite refreshing to see young Kgaogelo Chauke in the Southampton line-up. Chauke has been on everyone’s lips since he was named in the Southampton match-day squad for their English Premier League fixture against Liverpool on Monday. But exactly who is Chauke? Born in South Africa, Chauke left for England when he was a year old. However, he first shot to prominence when he signed a two-and-a-half-year senior contract with Southampton a year ago. This was after he impressed in the highly-rated development ranks with the Under-18 and U-23 teams. This was before he made an appearance in the EFL Trophy competition when Southampton faced Coventry City last season. He also made nine appearances in the Premier League reserve league last season, playing in defensive midfield, central midfield and attacking midfield against the likes of Manchester City, Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur. The youngster turns 18 on Friday and is eligible to play for both England and South Africa. He was included in coach David Notoane’s 78-man preliminary squad for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics in Japan but has also caught the eye of English coaches, who will be earmarking him for selection into their national junior sides. “He has learnt so much and showed a real curiosity to develop. “He has strong listening skills, and acceptance to take on information and applies his learning well in games,” Southampton academy director Matt Hale was quoted as saying. “The coaches enjoy working with him and I’m looking forward to watching him develop further over the new few years.” But Chauke has expressed interest in playing for Bafana Bafana. Chauke is not the only Mzansi youngster on the books of EPL clubs. Highly-rated midfielder Khanya Leshabela has been registered by Leicester City. Newcastle United has 19-year-old Bradley Cross in their books, while Leeds United have 18-year-old Max McMillan. No SA-born player has played in the popular EPL since Steven Pienaar last featured for Sunderland four years ago.