THE DA leadership in Gauteng wants Premier David Makhura investigated for alleged corruption. DA provincial leader Solly Msimanga, accompanied by the party’s shadow MEC for community safety Michael Shackleton, submitted a letter to the Hawks at their offices in Silverton, Tshwane on Thursday, 28 January. They said Makhura is not fit to govern in the province. “We have submitted a letter to the Hawks calling for an urgent investigation into the full extent of the corruption scandals that have occurred under Makhura’s watch,” said Msimanga. He said that since the inception of the national lockdown as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, Gauteng has been plagued with corruption scandals. “Following the recent revelations by former Gauteng Health Department chief financial officer Kabelo Lehloenya that Makhura gave her the names of the companies to appoint to supply and deliver PPEs in the province, there is an urgent need for action to be taken against Makhura,” said Msimanga. Msimanga said R2,2 billion was spent by the Gauteng Department of Health on fishy PPE suppliers in three months last year. “The department paid inflated prices above the National Treasury’s regulated PPE price list and the husband of President Cyril Ramaphosa’s spokesperson, Khuselo Diko, reportedly scored part of this contract to supply PPEs for Covid-19,” he said. He said Anglo Gold Ashanti Hospital in the West Rand received R500 million worth of funding in order to equip it with extra beds and facilities to treat Covid-19 patients. “The wards are still incomplete and are under construction. “The completed areas have no equipment and there is no indication that the hospital will be ready for use anytime soon,” said Msimanga. The former Tshwane mayor also said the Gauteng Education Department has spent more than R431 million on sanitising schools in three months between June and August last year. “It is critical now more than ever that the standard that was set with the dismissal of MEC Bandile Masuku last year is also applied to Makhura and that the premier is investigated to determine the extent of his involvement in these corruption scandals. “Makhura has failed in his oversight duty to safeguard our coffers and he must be held accountable for failing to prevent corruption in this province. “This is sad and disgraceful that the heads of the province are tainted by corruption scandals with the money meant to save lives during this critical period of the pandemic,” he said Msimanga said the DA will be calling for an urgent sitting in the Gauteng Provincial Legislature and will be tabling a motion of no confidence against Makhura, as he has shown that he is not fit to govern the province. “We will also be exploring other mechanisms to ensure that Makhura is held to account,” he said. Msimanga said while awaiting a full investigation by the Hawks, he will also write to President Cyril Ramaphosa to act against Makhura as a matter of urgency. Hawks spokesman Tshwane, Lieutenant-Colonel Philani Nkwalase, said: “We can confirm that indeed we have received a letter from the DA today, which was submitted electronically. The letter is in our hands and will receive necessary attention.” Premier Makhura’s spokesman, Vuyo Mhaga, said: “Makhura will have a media briefing on Friday (29 January) and will also touch on the matter.”