MAMELODI Sundowns midfielder Aubrey Modiba is looking forward to facing off against his old team SuperSport United United in the DStv Premiership. The top of the table clash between the Tshwane giants is scheduled for Saturday at Luca Moripe Stadium (3pm). Both these sides have been impressive this season with Sundowns leading the log table with 24 points after 10 matches while United are second with 22 points from the same number of games. A win for SuperSport will see them topping the league table for the first time this season. Modiba who featured in Sundowns last three matches predicts an interesting encounter between these two sides. “Interesting game this weekend against my former team, they are a good side and they have been doing well also scoring goals,” Modiba told Sundowns website. “If you look at the past two games they have played they have scored five goals. They have a good coach, I know him, he always wants nothing but a win and as you can see the position they are in on the log standings.” “I am looking forward to the game and hopefully, we win the game as it is not nice to lose. The Tshwane Derby is never easy but we are going there to win the game on Saturday.” He added: “We have been winning games and we just need to keep doing that and get maximum points in all the games we will play.” The versatile Modiba joined Sundowns in October last year after spending four years of his career with Matsatsantsa A Pitori. He said: “It is good to be part of a team like Mamelodi Sundowns, a team that has so many talented players. “I was happy to play three games in a row but it doesn’t stop there. I must just keep working hard so I can add value to the club, there are elements where I feel I need to improve and get to understand everyone.” In the last league meeting of these two sides, last season Sundowns collected maximum points defeating SuperSport 2-1. Thapelo Morena and Themba Zwane scored the goal for Sundowns while Dean Furman scored a consolation for SuperSport from a spot-kick. 