KAIZER Chiefs and Stellenbosch FC shared the spoils when they played to a 0-0 draw in a DStv Premiership encounter which took place at Danie Craven Stadium in Stellenbosch on Saturday evening. Chiefs were hoping to get a fourth win in a row but that was not the point as they were not clinical enough on the day to get any goals. The result means Amakhosi keep the seventh spot on the Premiership standings and Stellies stay in position nine. Amakhosi seem to have improved from what they were at the beginning of the season where they were struggling to collect points. Erick Mathoho returned to the Chiefs defence as Kgotso Moleko dropped to the bench while promising Happy Mashiane was given a start after his impressive came against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila in midweek. The two sides went to the half time break tied on 0-0 as both of them were unable to find the back of the net. Stellies goalkeeper Lee Langeveldt was called into action once more three minutes after the break. The Stellies goalkeeper had to be at his best to keep out Happy Mashiane's powerful left-footed drive. Stellies' first real chance came in the 51st minute following a dreadful error from Manyama in a dangerous area, but Erick Mathoho spared his teammates blushes with a timely block to deny Lelethu Skelem. The hosts should've opened the scoring two minutes later after Chiefs again coughed up possession in their own half, but Augustine Dimgba headed over with the goal at his mercy. Chiefs had the better chances in the final few minutes of the match.Nurkovic rose above his marker to meet a pin point cross in the 82nd minute, but the towering Serbian could only succeed in planting his header wide of goal. Langeveldt then pulled off a terrific save two minutes later to deny Siyabonga Ngezana from point-blank range as Stellies held on for a share of the spoils. Kaizer Chiefs are now going to face Baroka FC who were thumped 3-0 by Chippa United. The match is scheduled for Tuesday at FNB Stadium (5pm). Stellies next encounter is on Friday where they will travel to Durban to face AmaZulu Fc at Kings Park Stadium at 5pm.