STRIKER Bradley Grobler has equalled the late Abram Raselemane’s record of SuperSport United in the Tshwane giants’ 3-0 win over TS Galaxy at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. Grobler’s composed finish saw him grabbed the third in the 78th minute after his striker partner Thami Gabuza had scored the other two goals. As always, he showed striker’s instinct to see him stretch himself at the top of the scoring chart to nine league goals this season. However, SuperSport showed early that they were going to have a good day in the office with the way they started it. The club got off on the front foot as Gabuza struck twice in the opening five minutes. The former Orlando Pirates striker put his side ahead in the third minute. Two minutes later, he was on the act again as he completed his brace to compound the bad day in the office for interim coach Zipho Dlangalala, who was appointed after the departure of Dan Malesela. It was a response SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo was looking for. He wasn’t happy when his side dropped two points in a 2-2 draw against Malesela’s Chippa United side at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday last week. Tembo wasn’t pleased at how they conceded the second goal against the Chilli Boyz, but in today’s game, such wasn’t going to be case. Gabuza, who also scored a header against Chippa, firstly scored with a glancing header. The second, after Galaxy couldn’t clear, fell kindly to Gabuza who blasted it home to net his fourth league goal this season. This is a huge welcome for Tembo as he wants the goals to be shared other than one man which Bradley Grobler has been scoring this season. However, the Bafana Bafana striker, who also scored a brilliant header against Chippa, wasn’t denied to have his name on the score sheet to equal Abram Raselemane’s club’s record of 57 goals. Telling SunSport recently, Grobler said this record should have long been broken if it wasn’t long-term injuries which he said took three to four seasons in him. Galaxy continue to stutter For Galaxy, it is now eight games without a win. The club’s last win was against AmaZulu on 30 October which came in this venue. It led to the departure of Malesela and Dlangalala to be given the job on the interim. Dlangalala’s first game was a 2-2 draw against Baroka in the previous match and was looking to build on from that. They tried to paper the goals of Rowen Williams but to be fair the Bafana number goalie wasn’t tested. He was only called to action in the 90th minute to save the penalty of Bevan Fransman, diving to his right after Bongani Khumalo saw the ball struck hand.