TRADITIONAL healers and izangoma are in mourning. This after well-known traditional healer and national co-ordinator of the Traditional Healers Organisation Phepsile Maseko (46) died of Covid-19 related complications on Monday. She was admitted to hospital the day after Christmas. Her sister, Nobesuthu, said her Covid-19 test came back positive following her admission. “We are heartbroken. This came as a great shock as she adhered to all Covid-19 safety protocols. We have lost a great soul and a loving daughter and mother. “It’s hard, but we intend to celebrate her life while complying with Covid-19 regulations,” Nobesuthu said. Traditional Healers Organisation told Daily Sun that days leading up to her death, Phepsile was saddened by government not acknowledging and including traditional healers in the fight against Covid-19. Gogo Mmalai Molahlegi from the organisation said: “I don’t know who to blame for her death, but we are deeply hurt by losing our sister. Before her passing, she was not okay that government is failing to involve us in finding a cure. “We expected government to combine western and traditional medicine for the cure.” President of Abathwali Bemithi Traditional Healers Organisation Gogo Rebone Tshabalala-Moloki said they were shocked by Phepsile’s death. “I’m very hurt. She was my role model. Phepsile was an educated traditional healer who did research on Covid-19 following the outbreak. Government should have given us a chance and not overlook our efforts. We have herbs that have proven to be effective with dealing with Covid-19 symptoms, but government doesn’t want to engage with us,” said Tshabalala-Moloki. Phepsile gained popularity by giving her expert opinion on matters relating to culture, tradition and spirituality. In her journey as a traditional healer, she groomed many young healers and founded a pharmaceutical company of traditional herbs based in Mpumalanga. She leaves behind three children and details about her funeral are yet to be released. Meanwhile, tributes for Phepsile continue to pour in on social media.