The MEC of Health in Western Cape Nomafrench Mbombo has launched the vaccine roll-out strategy in Eerste River on Tuesday, 26 January. She briefed izangoma on how the vaccine works in the body and why people are going to be vaccinated. Mbombo told izangoma the vaccine will be distributed on a staggered basis and the first batch will be for frontline workers who deal with sick people every day. She said izangoma are part of the frontline workers and she assured them they will get the vaccine. Speaking to the traditional leaders, Mbombo said they have been left behind but they are important because they are frontline workers. She said sometimes before people go to hospitals they consult with traditional healers first. “The phase one, according to the national guideline which the Western Cape has adopted, the phase one adoption of the vaccine is going to over 1,2 million healthcare workers from the private and the public,” she said. Mbombo said traditional healers are included in the first batch. “It is going to be healthcare workers, traditional healers and students from the health sciences who are on the platform. You are part of phase one which is supposed to get the vaccine,” said Mbombo. She said it was compulsory for them to take the vaccine. She said other healthcare workers are already in the system and the leaders of the traditional healers should assist with the registration of their people so they can be vaccinated. Lukholo Mrwetyana, a representative of the traditional healers, said they are happy to work with the government but feel they were sidelined at first. “At the very same note, as much as we welcome the recognition, we were unhappy that traditional healers were not recognised. There was a time where people were taught about screening and the PPE distribution while we were left behind,” he said. Mbombo said she will be visiting all the subdistricts to engage with traditional leaders and apologise that the health system sidelined them. Mbombo said at first they were still learning about the virus and they left traditional leaders out to protect them.