KWAITO legend Mkhonzeni “Professor” Langa has annoyed maskandi followers, most of whom are famously irritable. He insulted Ukhozi FM DJs for not making rapper Big Zulu’s Mali Eningi song number one on Ukhozi FM’s Ingoma Ehlukanisa Unyakatop 10. Speaking in Zulu in the video, Professor accuses show hosts Tshatha Ngobe and Sipho “DJ Sgqemeza” Mbatha of being jealous. “You guys are jealous. Why didn’t Big Zulu win song of the year? You’ll not see heaven?” he says in the video, which went viral on Friday, 1 January. “The song is being played everywhere, and even overseas. To you Tshatha and Sgqemeza, voetsek!” ALSO READ:VETERAN ACTOR PAUL RAPETSOA BURIED Maskandi fans came out guns blazing after seeing the video, which prompted Professor to record another video in which he apologises. Khuzani surprised many when he scooped almost one million votes, more than all his competitors combined. Many people were expecting Big Zulu to win as his song has five million views on YouTube, while Khuzani has one million views on YouTube. Ukhozi FM’s total votes of Ingoma Ehlukanisa Unyaka totalled 1 663 590 million, and Khuzani’s Ijele won with 957 950 votes. Speaking to Daily Sun, Professor said: “I don’t know what happened when I was talking. I said things I shouldn’t have said. “I apologise to Tshatha and Sgqemeza for what I said. I don’t want to explain what I said. I know that it was nonsense and I don’t want to repeat it.” Maskandi fan, Malahla Gatsheni, said: “If Big Zulu’s song is playing everywhere and has many views, it doesn’t mean those people are voting like amabhinca.” Amabhinca refers to fans of maskandi. Sabelo Sithole said: “Why is Professor fighting while Big Zulu is congratulating Khuzani? As long as a maskandi song still features in the top 10, we’ll vote and it will win.” This is the third time a maskandi song surprised many by winning and beating big songs. In 2016, Mroza’s Van Damme won against DJ Tira, DJ Sox and Professor’s Umsindo. Recently, Ntencane’s Wawuthembeni beat Master KG and Nomcebo’s song, Jerusalema.