THE ANC can no longer use its past glories to campaign for votes because people now want concrete promises. Delivering the January 8 address to mark the party’s 109 anniversary virtually on Friday night, President Cyril Ramaphosa outlined the party’s priorities for the year as it continues to tear itself apart with factional battles and scandals of its leaders. At the top of the list of the priorities as delivered by Ramaphosa is for the country to defeat the coronavirus pandemic and root out corrupt leaders in the governing party as well as implement the country’s economic recovery plan, which he announced last year. But Ramaphosa said as the ANC prepares for the local government elections this year, it has to be honest with South Africans and not feed them rhetoric. “Our people now want to hear what the ANC is going to do concretely to improve their lives. They want to see us in action serving their interests. We owe it to them, and we owe it to the glorious history of the African National Congress to meet the commitments we make,” Ramaphosa said. But the task that lies ahead for the country was to get the economy back on track after it has been battered by the coronavirus pandemic. The president said the approach to restoring should be different this time around. The success of this task will largely rely on the repurposing of state-owned enterprises to more effectively and sustainably fulfil their developmental mandates. “This means we need to intensify the work already underway to address management and governance challenges, reduce the reliance of many SOEs on the fiscus and overcome resistance to transformation,” he said. He committed the governing party to managing the country’s economy and public finances in a sustainable manner and vowed that those responsible for stealing state money during the state capture will be dealt with and money recovered. Ramaphosa said from municipalities, provincial and national government, the war against corruption was gaining momentum. He promised the nation that the governing party would focus on key issues such as improving the health system, the public transport system, education, job opportunities, lower electricity and water services as well as accelerate land redistribution, all familiar promises that have been made in the past January 8 statement. “This year, the ANC, government and broader society will need to continue discussions on the desirability and viability of a basic income grant to provide a social safety net to the poor. “We are going to intensify our efforts to end state capture in all its forms. Those responsible will be held accountable and every effort made to ensure money stolen from the government or public bodies is recovered. “We will strengthen existing policies to ensure fair and equitable redistribution of land,” he said. Despite much criticism on the banning of alcohol and looming court cases to challenge the ban, Ramaphosa stuck to his guns. “The temporary restrictions that were placed on the availability of alcohol under the state of disaster regulations have demonstrated the extent to which abuse of alcohol fuels violence, trauma and reckless behaviour and places a burden on our health system and emergency services. “We must take measures to reduce the abuse of alcohol through a combination of legislative and other measures and community mobilisation,” he said. Ramaphosa also repeated his pleas for the party to unite but said all leaders involved in scandals or alleged to have violated women or children should not be in its leadership ranks as the party prepares for the elections. He said the party’s national executive committee will soon come with guidelines to suspend such individuals from leadership positions if they fail to voluntarily step aside. He emphasised that the unity that needs to be forged by the party should be that of purpose and not to shield wrongdoers. “This unity must be founded on a common commitment to the core values of the ANC and serving the South African people. Unity cannot be used to shield those involved in wrongdoing from being held accountable,” he said.