TRIPS on the continent are often daunting for local teams looking to make their mark in Caf competitions. But far from it for Bloemfontein Celtic, who are looking forward to their outing to Benin where they will face off with Nigeria’s Rivers United in their quest to reach the Caf Confederation Cup. Siwelele jet out to Porto-Novo today for their first-round second leg tie with Rivers at Charles de Gaulle Stadium on Saturday (5pm). “Yes, travelling can be hectic on the continent, but the challenge is the overall schedule,” said Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco. “We are playing on Saturday, we come back on Monday and Wednesday we have a league fixture to honour. That is the only difficult part to manage. “But it is an experience for us. It’s good for the boys, it is good for the club. We need to learn. In football, you can’t stop learning. We are embracing the challenge.” The fixture was initially postponed as Celtic could not travel to Nigeria due to the strict Covid-19 regulations set by the Nigerian government, which declined a request for a quarantine waiver for the Celtic travelling contingent. Caf then acceded to the request by Nigeria Football Federation, on behalf of Rivers, to have the game rescheduled and staged in a neighbouring country to Nigeria “with more lenient Covid-19 protocols”. Konco explained the club will be taking a stronger squad to Benin, as they take the competition seriously. Celtic played Mamelodi Sundowns in the DStv Premiership fixture yesterday, but they are pumped up for the sojourn. “The squad that played Sundowns will be the team travelling to Benin. We really want to go far in the tournament and are prepared for the trip. “The team leaves on Wednesday (today), and will resume preparation leading up to the match on Saturday.” In an effort to maintain their competitive edge in the top eight tournament and the league, Celtic coaching staff left behind their key players such as Ndumiso Mabena, Jackson Mabokgwane, Victor Letsoalo and Tshepo Rikhotso.