MASKANDI star Khuzani Mpungose has rubbished claims that he voted for himself to win Ukhozi FM Ingoma Ehlukanisa Unyaka top 10. Khuzani also threw shade to his rival Mthandeni Manqele, who took the second spot on the top 10 campaign. He claimed that when he was busy campaigning so that people can vote for his song Ijele, Mthandeni was going door to door, asking business people to sponsor him with money to vote. Unsatisfied music lovers took to social media to accuse Khuzani of voting for himself to win with almost one million votes, defeating Mthandeni and Big Zulu’s popular songs. Khuzani told Daily Sun that he would not keep quiet while Mthandeni’s fans were attacking him because he was not a coward. ALSO READ:NTANDO DUMA BREAKS SILENCE ABOUT VIRAL SEX TAPE “Ignoring them is both a good and bad thing, but I will not allow them to play on my head. When they were busy asking money from wealthy people and Vodacom, I was busy asking people to vote for me,” the musician said. “I’ve realised that more than anything in the world, people have the power to decide. I campaigned for votes because I had no other option beside people.” Khuzani added that he campaigned on community radio stations day and night, but his haters were making bad assumptions. “Others are saying I used money from the awards I won last year, but I haven’t received it yet. They want something to comfort themselves with. They can talk, but they will not change the fact that I made history by winning with a gap of 657 000 votes. If I were Mthandeni, I would stop singing after this embarrassment.” Mthandeni said Khuzani felt bad because he never commented about taking the second spot. “No one expected my song Amageja to be featured on the top 10, but my fans made it possible. No one expected my song to be number two, but my fans also made it possible. I’m proud of them for believing in my music,” he said. Ukhozi FM was expected to announce Ingoma Ehlukanisa Unyaka top voter on Friday, but it postponed that to Monday because of the death of its former station manager Bhodloza Nzimande.