BASIC Education Minister Angie Motshekga has issued a new set of directions and protocols ahead of the marking of matric exam papers. Motshekga said these directions would provide guidelines to officials, teachers and administration staff who are involved in marking and performing other functions related to marking for the 2020 National Senior Certificate and Senior Certificate examinations. Marking will take place in 181 marking centres around the country and more than 45 000 markers have been appointed to complete the marking of 14 million scripts over an 18-day period. She said there were 1 058 699 candidates and the exercise is larger than previous exercises. Motshekga said they are committed to ensuring that every marking centre adheres to the Covid-19 protocols so that marking centres are safe spaces for markers to carry out this critical function without being anxious about their health and safety. The department’s director general, Mathanzima Mweli said the main message from the President Cyril Ramaphosa’s speech is strict adherence to the basic health and safety protocols. “In the marking centres we have increased the number of monitors and we will visit all the centres to monitor compliance,” he said. The department said the directions and protocols have been gazetted on its website. Mweli said there will be strict screening procedures at the entrance of every marking centre and marking personnel that display any Covid-19 symptoms will be held in a temporary isolation room until they have been advised by a health professional. He said markers that have tested positive must not report to a marking centre and a failure to disclose their health status will constitute misconduct. “In the marking room, there will be strict adherence to social distancing and markers will be expected to sanitise regularly. “During meal and tea times, there would be no more than 50 persons in a particular area and meals will be provided in disposal containers so markers can have their meals on the school grounds or wherever they consider to be safe,” he said.