A HUMDINGER is on the cards in the Soweto derby. Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs are ready to renew their age-old rivalry in their DStv Premiership showdown at the Orlando Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm). Pirates have the upper hand heading into the clash, having already beaten Amakhosi twice this season. Bucs thumped their rivals 5-0 over two legs in the MTN 8 and will be high in confidence. Josef Zinnbauer’s charges are chasing a hat-trick of wins over Chiefs. Pirates will have to do that without defender Innocent Maela, who will miss the derby after he collected his fourth yellow card of the season in their recent 1-1 draw with TS Galaxy. But perhaps more concerning for Zinnbauer is that he might need to find other options upfront with his attackers Gabadinho Mhango and Terrence Dzvukamanja nursing niggles. The duo of strikers Zakhele Lepasa and Tshegofatso Mabasa continue to miss out through long-term injuries. The German mentor will hope that players such as Thembinkosi Lorch, Deon Hotto and Vincent Pule are up for the challenge and bring their scoring boots against Amakhosi. “We are short in the striking department, but that is not an excuse,” said Zinnbauer. “We have other players who can score in Lorch, Pule and Hotto. And (Bongani) Sam has shown in the last game that he can also score. We have to find a way to score goals. This is a very important game and players will be up for it. “They don’t need any motivation. They are playing for their families, friends and supporters.” Chiefs, on the other hand, head into the clash a different team from the one the Bucs humiliated in the Wafa Wafa. Gavin Hunt seems to have stabilised things in Naturena and put their early season struggles behind them. Chiefs are unbeaten in their last five matches, having won three and drawn the other two matches. They are just four points adrift of Pirates, who currently sit in fifth spot on the log. Their recent improvement has largely been thanks to the return from injury of top striker Samir Nurkovic and the fine form of youngsters Nkosingiphile Ngcobo and Happy Mashiane Hunt has challenged the rest of the squad to “raise their hand” and show that they belong at the club. “I believe in the players we have, but they certainly need to do better there’s no doubt about it. Everyone is in the shop window with me. They need to put their hands up and show that they want to play for this club,” he said.