CHURCH leaders feel as if they’re under siege from government. This as lockdown restrictions continue to ban all types of gatherings. President Cyril Ramaphosa announced on Monday that all gatherings would remain prohibited under the adjusted level 3 lockdown. Some church leaders are fuming, saying this is an attempt to end Christianity. Speaking to Daily Sun, Incredible Happenings Ministry pastor, Paseka “Mboro” Motsoeneng, said churches were not consulted. He said cinemas and taxis were not allowed to be packed without any social distancing, yet churches were not allowed to operate at all. “This is a way to destroy Christianity. We have other religions, but we have never seen them being shot at. People are still praying in mosques but were not shot,” said Mboro. He was referring to Sunday’s incident when congregants in Sebokeng zone 7 in the Vaal were shot at with rubber bullets by cops. Mboro said izangoma continued with their business, and some even lived with over 15 amathwasa without any social distancing. He said churches should be allowed to operate with strict restrictions as they played a role in educating the community about Covid-19. ACDP leader Reverend Kenneth Meshoe was also disappointed that churches would remain closed. Speaking to Daily Sun, Meshoe said: “That would have had a devastating impact on companies, particularly small businesses, which would mean people lose their jobs.” But he was very disappointed that government didn’t allow churches to operate. “I expected the president to allow churches to have small gatherings, as it happened before with about 50 people,” he said. “There was never a complaint of people getting infected in churches, and with that said we’re disappointed.” Meshoe said government failed to advise the public to take immune boosters. “They should tell people how to boost their immune systems,” he told the People’s Paper. “We know that when a person’s immune system is compromised, it becomes easy for them to get infected. “I think the importance of boosting one’s immune system is lacking from the president’s strategy.”