 On Monday, 25 January The Soil’s band member Ntsika Ngxanga paid his last respects. In a heartfelt tribute, he described him as a giant whose spirit filled a room. In both his Facebook and Instagram posts, Ntsika also remembered the times they spent together at gigs and signing autographs. “When they talk about gentle giants whose spirits fill up a room, they are definitely referring to the legendary ntate Jonas Gwangwa. "After this gig I sat next to you with a piece of paper and proceeded to ask for your autograph on behalf of my wife who grew up immersed in your music and you took time to ask about her, you took out a pen only to replace it with another one coz you preferred how that other one felt, (very particular I must add). "You asked how long we’ve been married and even with my wife at home, you gave us a blessing almost as if you could sense her spirit in the room. That brief warm moment has stayed with me for years and will continue to do so because it mirrored just how much humility, grace and love you possessed not just for those you knew but for those that were moved by your gift that you’d never even met. "Here’s to an amazing soul that we were blessed enough to live in his time. Fly free Tata. We love you forever and you shall live in our hearts forever too. Rest In Greatness,” he wrote. The post was accompanied with Ntate Jonas’ photo sitting with The Soil. This led to more tributes pouring in for the jazz legend. In addition to Ntsika’s tribute Queen Official wrote: “????????????????, thank you for your work Tata, you are gone but you left your blessings with us. Rest in power????????.” Athi Njoba  wrote:  “?? May he rest in Perfect Peace.” “This is a tribute of  tributes Ntsika. I remember Buhle introducing you at the Cape Town International Jazz Festival, Basil Mannenberg Coetzee stage as the future president of South Africa.....now I think I know why she said that. You have a way with words and can articulate anything in a very beautiful yet delicate way,” wrote Ray Ramokgaba.