SWALLOWS FC will head into their DStv Premiership clash against Orlando Pirates in the original Soweto derby at the Orlando Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm) with no pressure. The onus will be on the mighty Buccaneers to show their superiority against the newly promoted team, according to Dube Birds coach Brandon Truter. Truter believes this will help his side play their normal game, which has proven to be a handful for a lot of teams in the PSL. The Birds have been flying high since their return to the top flight and are currently punching well above their weight and exceeding all expectations. They are joint top of the Premiership standings with 21 points, level with defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns, who sit top on goal difference. Truter’s charges began the New Year the same way they finished last year, after beating Cape Town City 3-2 at Dobsonville Stadium on Tuesday night. Truter is expecting a tougher test against Bucs, who will be the fresher team having not played midweek after their Caf Confederation Cup clash was cancelled. “Pirates are a completely different kettle of fish,” said Truter. “They are a very dynamic and offensive minded team, so it’s going to be very different to what we have faced so far. “It’s going to be a big test of our character and our credentials in this league, so we have to deal with it as best we can. They will be under pressure to get the result because their previous result wasn’t good. They will be the fresher team on the day.” However, Truter’s defence will need to keep a close eye on Pirates strikers Deon Hotto and Gabadinho Mhango “They will have their backs to the wall. I expect them to come out all guns blazing, so we will have to keep it tight at the back and take our chances.” Truter will once again pin his hopes on red-hot striker Ruzaigh Gamildien, who has been his side’s top performer this season. The 31-year-old has scored seven goals and is joint-second in the scoring charts with the likes of Themba Zwane and Mduduzi Mdantsane. Truter believes Gamildien will keep performing to his best, as long as the team continues to play to his strengths. “I’ve worked with Gamildien when he was 15 or 16 at the Santos Academy. I know his parents and I know where he comes from,” added Truter.