DAN Malesela has got Chippa United dancing to his tune. The 54-year-old is enjoying a happy return to the Port Elizabeth outfit so far and seems to be making good progress. He arrived with the Chilli Boys in a spot of bother but has steadily improved things. Chippa have collected eight points from a possible 15 since Malesela replaced Lehlohonolo Seema at the helm. Malesela has two wins, two draws and just one defeat in the five matches that he has been in charge of the team. As a result, the Chilli Boys have climbed up to 11th on the DStv Premiership table with 13 points from as many matches. Malesela has been delighted with how quickly his players have adjusted to his methods. “The boys are adjusting to my training and coaching,” Malesela said. “As long as the players are coachable then you have a good chance to succeed. You want coachable players who will listen and implement. “We try to be very economical with the ball, and we try to be very safe with it. We don’t want to lose the ball because we know that can hurt opponents when we have the ball. “I feel like us playing so many games away has helped us a lot in terms of keeping the discipline and team spirit high. “There is a good understanding and comradery in the team, even the players who are on the bench are fully supporting the ones who are on the field and that’s what you want.” Malesela has managed to get near-forgotten experienced players such as Andile Mbenyane and Kurt Lentjies back into the team and firing. Their experience has been key in Chippa’s resurgence. They have helped younger players as well as those with less PSL experience, such as Moloisane Mokhele, find their feet in the top flight. Mokhele has scored twice and provided five assists for Chippa in his debut season in the top-flight. “I’m still learning but things are getting better with every match,” said Mokhele. “I’m very critical of myself. I have missed a lot of chances this season already, but it’s something I’m working on. “Nevertheless, my performances have not been too bad. I have done quite well up to this point.” He will be hoping to help the Chilli Boys continue their good form when they face Bloemfontein Celtic at Dr Molemela Stadium on Wednesday (5pm).