THE family of a popular photographer and prophet, Isaac Mnisi, told mourners that his killers have invited themselves trouble. Speaking at Isaac’s funeral at his home in Alicecourt outside Ximhungwe near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga on Sunday 31 January, his brother Teddy Mnisi (46) said the killers killed a wrong person. “They killed a wrong person. Those who did this must be brought to book. The killers have robbed us our brother. Now kids are left without their father,” said Teddy. Isaac’ uncle, Gidion Chawane, told mourners that Isaac had just arrived home on Monday at about 8pm. “Then male strangers knocked on his bedroom window pretending that their car got stuck in the muddy road from heavy rain. They asked him to come and pull them up. Instead they shot him dead outside his kitchen door and fled. He was found in the morning lying in a pool of blood by his six-year-old son, who alerted his elder brother (12). Both traumatized boys screamed for a help, “ said Chawana. Mnisi’s grandfather Solomon Chawane (71) and his brother, Raymond Chawane (64), said the killers invited trouble to their families. “You killers know it now that you have invited troubles to yourselves and your families. In Bible God says, “Thy shall not kill”. “You killed him and his kids are fatherless because of you. His soul must not rest until you come forward,” they said. Mnisi’s elder brother Colbert Mnisi also urged all the people who owed Isaac or he owed them to see the family as soon possible. Saddened businessman Cornelius Madonsela, a director of Gone 2 Soon funeral services, expressed their great sorrows over his death. “We are what we are today because of Mnisi. He was a good man in this video and photo fraternity who played a role by capturing our ceremony very professional. He was a champion. We will ever miss his smile and golden heart. We promise his kids that our doors are open when need help,” said Madonsela. Ian MacKenzie High School principal Jabu Nzima, who is also brother of the late legendary photojournalist Sam Nzima, described Mnisi a highly gifted man who contributed a lot at the school SGB component. Pastor Andy Nkuna of Jerusalem Apostolic Church in Zion said: “We are shattered by the brutal death of our fellow pastor and prophet. His death left a void. Our prayers are that God reveals his killers to face the mighty hand of law.” AFL - Film crew presentative and also Munghana Lonene FM drama actor, Bravo Ndlovu, said it was difficult to accept their colleague’s death. Induna Jerry Khoza said: “The killers robbed us a giant who brought development in the village. A selfless sharp thinker especially when it came to uplifting the village.” Mnisi is survived by seven kids, a grandchild, three siblings and both parents.