OUTSPOKEN Pitso Mosimane says local coaches should not be “amabinneplaas” but take up positions on the continent. Mosimane reached new frontiers taking over as head coach of Al Ahly five months ago. He has already achieved considerable success and is now taking the team to the 2021 Fifa Club World Cup in Qatar. Now he would like to see his countrymen challenge themselves, pointing to the vacancy at Tanzania side, Simba SC, as an opportunity for the likes of Eric Tinkler, who has experience to take up the role. “For me, it’s more about a personal challenge. I moved to Egypt to find a bigger challenge. I didn’t move from Sundowns because I had to. I had a four-year contract,” Mosimane told Safja. “I wanted to get out of the comfort zone and come to the biggest club on the continent, and I’d like to encourage other coaches to do the same. “The floor is open for the exchange of coaches. “I’d be disappointed to find out none of our SA coaches applied for the vacant post at Simba. People like Eric Tinkler are out of the job. We can’t be recycling coaches. “He has the CV to coach Simba. I’m not saying he must go there. He has the experience of Confederation and Champions League.” Admittedly, adapting to a new environment has been a challenge for Mosimane. “It is different. You know the lifestyle is not the same. The country is different… the food. There’s no social life,” he explained. “But you sacrifice for the best. It’s tough here. I’m patriotic and I carry the SA national flag with me. “I come from humble beginnings,” said Mosimane. “I come from the township and I want to say to the township boys, ‘it is possible’. That is what Trevor Noah… what Black Coffee and a lot of guys are doing. “I’m not being a racist, but this is black excellence. You can come from humble beginnings and make it anywhere. ‘We’ve got a term ‘binneplaas’. We have to look beyond the borders.” Mosimane also laid the Gaston Sirino matter to rest, explaining Ahly no longer had the South American in their radar. “I spoke to the South American, the agent who gave us Sirino. He suggested a few players. We are monitoring the players he has recommended‚” added Mosimane. “And we move on with Sirino. I mean‚ you have seen what he said, he has spoken straight and openly about missing out on the opportunity to play for the biggest club on the continent. “So, unfortunately, Gaston is 29 now‚ he’s going to 30. “So I understand how he was reacting to say‚ ‘I’ve got a chance to make a bit more for my family‚ and myself‚ because that might be my last contract’.”