BAROKA FC coach Matsimela Thoka has described young midfielder Goodman Mosele as a “workaholic” who puts the team’s needs ahead of his own. The 21-year-old reigning Premier Soccer League (PSL) Young Player of the Season has been a vital cog in Bakgaga’s midfield again this season. Mosele, who joined Baroka at the tender age of 16, has seen his stock rise at a rapid pace over the past few seasons. He has been rumoured to have caught the eye of some of the local giants in Mzansi. In the previous transfer window, Mosele was said to have attracted interest from an unnamed overseas club. However, nothing materialised and the youngster from Khuma in Stilfontein, North West, put his head down and got on with his job. Thoka has been impressed with Mosele’e performances so far this season, and sees him as a key figure in the team. “I think Goodman is the son of the soil,” said Thoka. “He is working very hard for this team. The way he works shows that he has the club at his heart. “As far as the rumours about him potentially leaving, I don’t want to talk much about them. “As a team, we just need the boy to work hard for us and keep giving 100% in every game like he has been doing. “That’s why we can’t be too tough on him when he makes some mistakes because we know how much of a workaholic he is. He is working hard for this team.” Mosele made a rare error in Bakgaga’s DStv Premiership clash against Kaizer Chiefs on Tuesday. This was after he scored an own-goal that allowed Amakhosi to salvage a 1-1 draw at the FNB Stadium. But Thoka has backed Mosele to put that behind him and continue performing as well as he has been so far this season. “I think it’s very important for the team to work together and fight for each other,” added Thoka. “That is the spirit we want to see among ourselves so that we can move forward together. “Football is not about individuals, but the team. The own goal that the boy scored does not make him a bad player overnight. “He was just unfortunate in that instance. We need to pick him up, encourage and motivate him because we still need him. “If we bash him then he won’t be able to perform in the next match. At Baroka, we are close like that. His pain is our pain.” Baroka next play Cape Town City at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm).