THE South Africa's Editors Forum (Sanef) is calling for action against Somizi Mhlongo. This follows after talented media personality responded negatively to two journalists that approached him for a comment on the stories they were working on. He then further took screenshots of the conversations with the journalists and shared them on social media, and told his followers to call them so they can feel how it's like to have their privacy invaded. In a statement, Sanef told Daily Sun it was extremely irresponsible of Somizi to share the journalists’ numbers. “Mhlongo has a massive support base and a following in excess of almost four million on the Instagram social platform and his followers have resorted to intimidation and harassment of journalists on all social media platforms. They have subjected both Madibogo and Khumalo to torrents of insults and threats,” said Sanef. “Some have directly threatened Madibogo and Khumalo’s wife with rape, while Khumalo received threats to his life. ALSO READ | LUNGELO SCORES ANOTHER BIG ROLE “The fans also threatened the safety of the journalists’ families. They have tormented them for doing their jobs and asking questions in line with the Press Code that demands of journalists to give a right of reply to everyone they intend to write stories about.” Sanef further said although Somizi has since deleted the posts, the journalists continue to be abused. “His cyber trolls have amplified the ongoing attacks on women journalists. His actions have aggravated what is already a hostile working environment, especially for women journalists.” “This is a direct attack on media freedom in the country. Worldwide similar attacks are being meted out on journalists with the intent to silence their voices, especially that of women and the stories they tell,” said Sanef. The organisation further said that they are calling on Somizi to unreservedly apologise to the journalists. “He must call on his followers to stop harassing and intimidating them. Further, we call on the journalists to lay charges of intimidation and for MultiChoice to officially distance themselves from Mhlongo’s comments,” added Sanef.