IMAGINE being happy every time you have to get in the car and go somewhere. Bikers always say nothing clears their heads than jumping on their bikes and feeling the breeze in their faces. T-Roc is a bike on four wheels. Just open the sunroof, switch to a sport mode and put your foot down on your accelerator, then you’ll feel what I’m talking about. When it launched, VW said this midsize SUV was designed to be bold and to suit the lifestyle of the owner. It not only does that, it also stands out from the crowd. This was proven when we drove its 2.0 R-Line model. But you are not confined to this one as it also has bold 1.4 and 2.0 Design models. The T-Roc captures ultimate driving enjoyment with next-level power, with a TSI petrol engine or the optional 4MOTION, an excellent Tiptronic and dual-clutch DSG gearbox. Technology in the T-Roc allows you to enjoy all the tools quickly and simply bring all information you need about the car to the screen in front of you while listening to the powerful sound system. The R-Line boasts colour-coded front and rear bumpers in “R” styling. Its logo on the radiator grille and on the side panels complimented with a Ventilation grille in sporty black grained design. The entire look is perfected with dark red LED rear lights and 19-inch Suzuka alloy wheels in dark graphite with a burnished finish. The TSI petrol engine options for the new T-Roc are punchy, giving you more power and efficiency like you never experienced before. You have the option to choose from the Design 1.4 TSI 110kW Tiptronic or the R-Line 2.0 TSI 140kW 4MOTION DSG.  The level of comfort in the T-Roc will beat your expectation. While the passersby looking at you zooming past them might think it is hectic for the occupants in your car, everyone inside will be seated comfortably and enjoying the ride. The car adapts perfectly to all weather conditions or any surfaces. The all-new Volkswagen T-Roc comes to the market with a 3 year/120 000km warranty, 5 year/ 90 000km Volkswagen service plan and a 12-year anti-corrosion warranty. Volkswagen sponsored the test car. It’s priced as follows: Volkswagen T-Roc 1.4 110 kW Tiptronic Design R489 400 Volkswagen T-Roc 2.0 140 kW 4Motion DSG Design R548 300 Volkswagen T-Roc 2.0 140 kW 4Motion DSG R-Line R593 600