BLACK Leopards captain Rodney “Rama-G” Ramagalela has admitted how disappointing it is for them to drop points at the rate they are doing and says they have no one to blame but themselves. Lidoda Duvha are second bottom in the DStv Premiership table, having gathered a mere nine points in 12 matches. They have been losing matches at an alarming rate and that could see them failing to achieve their target for the season, which is to avoid relegation. Ramagalela said: “It is very disappointing the way we are dropping points and I believe we are at fault as a team. We need to fix that, hopefully, the way we have been working is going to help us get the results in our next match.” On Wednesday afternoon, 5pm, the Venda-based club host log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns at Thohoyandou Stadium and they will be hoping to turn things around by shocking Sundowns to get what would be their third win of the campaign. The 32-year-old striker believes they can upset Sundowns, who are heading to this encounter having not won in their last three matches. Ramagalela said confidently: “Tough one but every team in our league is beatable. “I believe Sundowns are beatable. They are playing well and have the best players in the country but it is up to us as players how much more we want to win the game. “If we can keep on working hard together, supporting each other it’s possible to get all the points and change the situation. “Our fans are panicking but it’s not only them. We are also under a lot of pressure, but I believe we are going to turn the corner. We will do it for them (fans). They deserve more than what we are doing now, and it’s on us as players to give our best on the pitch.” This will be Leopards’ first match without former head coach Dylan Kerr, who parted ways with the team on Sunday night following a string of poor results. Lehlohonolo Seema will be in charge of the side alongside Morgan Shivambu. “Coaches come and go. Black Leopards are bigger than everyone, so whoever is in charge I believe we need to support him and do what is expected from us as players, we deliver on the pitch,” Ramagalela added.