LOG leaders Stellenbosch FC are distraught at the suspension of the DStv Diski Challenge. But the team believes the move by the authorities was justified and inevitable in the wake of the second wave of the coronavirus sweeping through the country. The Premier Soccer League (PSL), after consultation with sponsors MultiChoice, announced the postponement of the reserve league on Wednesday, with immediate effect. The games are deferred until further notice and while a reason was not given, it apparently is because of the Covid-19 wreaking havoc in the country. Stellies, who are a point above second-placed Kaizer Chiefs, would be the most disheartened following an imperious start to the new season, having secured 10 points after four games. “Obviously, we are very disappointed as a team. The boys are gutted as we were just gaining momentum,” said Jason Rhoda, Stellenbosch’s DStv Diski Challenge assistant coach. “We were so looking forward to this weekend’s match,” Stellies were scheduled to host second bottom Bloemfontein Celtic tomorrow. “We have assembled a good, strong and young team. We just wanted to showcase what this group are capable of,” Rhoda said. The Cape Winelands-based side’s participation in the reserve league has coincided with the disruption of the coronavirus pandemic since their promotion for the 2019-20 season. Last season’s edition was halted in March following the initial outbreak of the Covid-19. Despite the campaign’s premature end, it proved valuable for the newcomers. Jayden Adams, Kgomotso Chiwayo, Jamie Craak and goalkeeper Lebohang Nthene were promoted from the league to the senior team. Meanwhile, Rhoda noted in the midst of a pandemic that saving lives was a priority than the beautiful game. “In saying that, we understand that there are more important things than football, especially now,” he added. “If this suspension is as a result of Covid-19 and meant to stop or limit the spread of the disease, we support the suspension 100%.” – CAJ News