PATRICK Tignyemb says if Bloemfontein Celtic don’t pay the money they owe him, they could be in boiling water with Fifa, more than they already are. The 35-year-old Cameroon-born goalkeeper saw his contract with Celtic terminated ahead of last season after he fought with the club management over unpaid salaries. He then took the matter to Fifa to intervene and the world football controlling body has instructed Celtic to pay the outstanding money on Tignyemb’s existing contract, which is believed to be about R3 million. Tignyemb insists that whatever he did to fight for his teammates then, he would do it again because he couldn’t keep quiet as captain when his teammates went hungry. “Fifa told them they must pay me immediately and Fifa sent them my banking account details,” said Tignyemb, who is now back home in Cameroon. “If they don’t pay, they know what is going to happen. They’ll not be allowed to sign players and Fifa will fine them. I was not going to be ‘Mr Yes and Mr Accept Every Nonsense’. I was the captain of the team,” he said. “I told them my players are suffering. Can you keep quiet while people are struggling and hungry? Keep quiet when players have to (pay to) get injuries fixed themselves?” While the matter was pending and in the hands of Fifa, Tignyemb said he decided to leave the country because he felt unsafe. “I knew if I stayed in Bloemfontein, something bad would happen. So I decided to leave because I believed I was going to be attacked physically,” said Tignyemb. “I tried to speak to Celtic to end things amicably and I gave them time to come back to their senses and try and solve this, but they didn’t (get back to me). I waited for almost a year and then I decided to go the legal route.” Tignyemb said it pains him to see things end this way with the club, whom he featured in 326 games for and helped them win the Telkom Knockout trophy in 2012. “It is disappointing. I spent a lot of years there. I don’t regret it. I’m okay by the grace of God,” he added. The matter is currently in the hands of the SA Football Association (Safa), who released a statement on Wednesday acknowledging receipt of a correspondence from Fifa. Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco rubbished all that was said by Tignyemb.