The DA has filed an urgent application in Western Cape High Court to force the government to be transparent with details regarding Covid-19 vaccine procurement and roll-out. Party leader John Steenhuisen was accompanied by the shadow minister of Heath Siviwe Gwarube to the court on Friday 29 January. Steenhuisen said they want to know where the vaccine is coming from and how it will be rolled out. He said he wrote to President Cyril Ramaphosa last week Monday, demanding answers but he hasn’t received a response. “This leaves us today with no choice other than to approach the court. Today, as we speak, our lawyers are making an urgent application to the Western Cape High Court in order to get a declarator to compel the government to set out a very clear plan about how it is going to procure vaccine and what the preparations for this vaccine roll-out will be,” Steenhuisen said. He said failure by the government to provide vaccines to all South Africans is a violation of a constitutional right that includes the right to access to healthcare services and the right to life. “The relief that we are seeking in the High Court is very similar to the relief that was granted to the Treatment Action Campaign over a decade ago when they too were compelled to take the government to court to ensure they provided a very clear plan around the roll-out of the ARVs to pregnant mothers. “We believe having a very clear transparent plan is absolutely critical to ensure that as opposition parties, the media as well as civil society, we are able to hold the government accountable to their undertakings,” said Steenhuisen. On Monday 25 January in his weekly newsletter, Ramaphosa said the government has always been open and transparent to the people. “Throughout the pandemic, the government has been open and transparent with the South African people on the health measures it is taking to secure our people’s safety. “We have sought to explain all our decisions, to listen to people’s concerns and to continuously update the country on the state of the disease. When it comes to fighting a deadly pandemic like this, honesty and trust are just as valuable as any vaccine,” said Ramaphosa.