BULLS coach Jake White praised his team for their flexibility in their Carling Currie Cup win, singling out phenomenal Cornal Hendricks for special mention. The Pretoria side beat the Sharks 26-19 to claim an incredible domestic double of the Currie Cup and Super Rugby Unlocked. Hendricks was exceptional with the ball in hand and also created attacking opportunities with his great acceleration and superb distribution as a centre, much to the delight of White. He posed the biggest threat for the Sharks on the attack with his amazing side-stepping which would have left the world’s best centres greening with envy. “He has been phenomenal,” White said of Hendricks. He has probably been our best player. I played him at centre and spoke to Chris Rossouw (backline coach) about him and he has just been phenomenal. “I have said it before, a lot of guys who have played in that jersey before for other teams like Ma’a Nonu and Tana Umaga, have started on the wing. He has got a great appreciation for space and understanding for what guys in the midfield need to do. “I am saying the obvious when I say he is professional, very dedicated. He is a great, great communicator and works hard. What’s also nice is that he is a Springbok. He has been there and done it, so he is sharing that knowledge.” White also pointed to his team’s resilience, the composure of the bench after the Bull edged the visitors in extra time. “The bench was composed when they came on, but they get that because they have been on the field many times this season,” White said. “I really enjoyed the way our bench and the reserves actually came on and handled the pressure. That’s the thing you want to see from a team going forward.” Sharks coach Sean Everitt was disappointed, but he has refused to blame Curwin Bosch’s poor kicking for the defeat. “The players are gutted, and I’m gutted for them, they fought hard for 100 minutes,” said Everitt. “But I’m not disappointed that Curwin didn’t kick everything over. Maybe today wasn’t up to the standard that we’re used to from Curwin, but the guy has been amazing us. He has pulled us out of the trenches before, but unfortunately today it didn’t go his way.”