After months of anticipation, Urban Village has released its debut album, Udondolo. The group cemented themselves in the music industry when they released their single, uBaba. Group member Smangaliso Dlamini told SunBuzz: “We’ve created this album to restore what we’ve lost as Africans. “With this album we’re trying to bring back the teachings of the elders with the type of songs we’ve made. The album tells African stories the best way we can.” The Soweto-born artist said working on the album was amazing. “It was our first time working with an actual producer, and the experience was great,” he said. “Although we had to adjust to a lot of changes, such as taking a step back and taking creative directions, it’s an experience money can’t buy because we learnt a lot and we grew from it.” ALSO READ |JONAS JOINS BRA HUGH The 33-year-old spoke about the inspiration behind the album title. “Udondolo, Zulu for walking stick, is meant to resemble the wisdom we’ve gained as a collective on the different journeys and paths we’ve travelled and led us to where we’re in life.” He said the album was meant to be released last year, but was postponed. “I’m glad we’ve finally released this album as it was meant to be released last year,” he said. “The global pandemic brought everything to a standstill. “We decided to postpone it and released singles to build up some hype to the main release.” The singer said their journey in the music scene hasn’t been easy. “Our journey hasn’t been rosy. It took us some time to get a management deal, and before that we had to do everything ourselves. “We had to be patient with everything and work twice as hard to be recognised. “We constantly had to reinvent ourselves, but we’re grateful for everything because we’ve grown from that experience.” Smangaliso also shared some of their plans for this year. “As soon as restrictions lift we’re going to continue with the screening of a documentary released last year, and release more music,” he said. Udondolo is available on all digital platforms.