FAMILIES have made themselves comfortable in hijacked buildings, but they will soon find themselves on the street. The City of Joburg conducted a multi-disciplinary law enforcement operation in Mayfair, Joburg yesterday. Municipal official Rich Hlatshwayo said the operation came after numerous residents complained about service delivery problems. The operation was focused on hijacked buildings, illegal connections and sewer blockages. Cops and officials found a triple storey house with 300 people living in it. They said they paid R600 rent a month. FAMILIES have made themselves comfortable in hijacked buildings, but they will soon find themselves on the street.The City of Joburg conducted a multi-disciplinary law enforcement operation in Mayfair, Joburg. pic.twitter.com/zUweuVgHDD  According to Hlatshwayo, they connected water and electricity illegally. He said a hijacked Telkom building also had illegal connections. He said the issue was costing the city millions and risking lives. “The structural integrity of the current building may pose a life-threatening risk to occupants. Overcrowding may exacerbate the structural integrity of the building,” said Hlatshwayo. He said the building owed the city R1,3 million for services. “The last payment to the city was made in 2015,” said Hlatshwayo.  Officials also found sewer pipes blocked and a bad smell coming from the building. “These pipes are not designed to service 300 people. Social distancing is not at all possible in this place, with eight people in a room,” Hlatshwayo told Daily Sun. The municipality plans to remove squatters, cut off services, serve the owner of the building with a compliance notice and get a court order to demolish the building.  The municipality’s Lufuno Mashau said the Telkom building had about 100 people living in it. “Illegal water and electricity connections were disconnected,” he said. City Power spokesman Isaac Mangena said R200 000 worth of cables used to make illegal connections were removed from several buildings. One of the occupants of a hijacked building, Nini Mayok, said she had a seven-month-old baby and didn’t know where she would go if they were evicted. She said she used to live with her baby daddy in Brixton, but he kicked her out when he found a new girlfriend. “One thing I know for sure is that I can’t go back to Zimbabwe,” said Nini. 