BAFANA Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki is busy getting the national squad ready for what will be a tough 2021. Ntseki sent out a programme to Safa’s CEO Tebogo Motlanthe and the technical committee on his plans for this year. Ntseki wants to leave no stone unturned and his goal this year is to see Bafana qualify for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). Bafana, who are second in Group C with nine points from four games, will complete their Afcon qualifiers in March. Bafana host Ghana on 25 March at FNB Stadium. Five days later, they visit Sudan on 30 March in Khartoum. After the Afcon qualifiers, Bafana will start the 2022 World Cup qualifiers in June, where they will again face Ghana, as well as Zimbabwe and Ethiopia in Group G. Even though Bafana completed 2020 on a high beating Sao Tome in both qualifiers in November to be joint top of the group, Sudan threw the group wide open when they defeated Ghana 1-0, also in November, to be three points behind the Black Stars and Bafana. This means Ntseki’s boys, who have won their last three Afcon qualifiers, will have to collect four points out of six to be guaranteed qualification to the Afcon finals in Cameroon. “In my programme, we are going to have a Bafana workshop next week where we’ll be analysing opponents and looking at what happened in the past games. We have to do well against Ghana and Sudan because qualification is very important,” said Ntseki. “After our two games against Sao Tome, we realised that the group is now open. If Sudan win all their games, they qualify ahead of us. If Ghana win all their games, they will qualify ahead of us. So for us we have to win all our games to qualify ahead of Ghana and Sudan.” While Ntseki is prioritising qualification, there was good news in his camp. Bafana forward Percy Tau, who scored three times against Sao Tome, finally secured his work permit to play for Brighton and Hove and Albion in the English Premier League. The 26-year-old made his debut for Graham Potter’s side when they beat Newport Country on penalties in the third round of the FA Cup over the weekend. Ntseki was impressed with Potter’s understanding of Tau’s position as he played him as a second striker where he flourishes. “We’re all proud of Tau’s recent achievements,” said Ntseki. But this is not only Tau’s achievement alone or his family’s, but for the whole country.”