VALENTINE’S Day is approaching and ladies are giving their men hints on how they want to spend that day and what they want. But they may be in for a cold surprise as many Mzansi men are planning to turn a blind eye on the day. Many are saying they’re turning it into a day of prayer! They’re uniting against Valentine’s Day and want ladies to know that they don’t want to be distracted. The spokesman for the so-called Xhosa Men Association, Ayabonga Kekana, said South Africa is faced with the Covid-19 pandemic and they can’t be buying roses and teddy bears. “People are sick and dying. We need to focus on what matters,” said Ayabonga. He’s also pleading with the president to stop Mzansi men from umjolo. “We ask the president to please send police to check every resident. If a man is seen buying a Valentine’s gift, they should be arrested,” he said. “One of the most important things is that no man should be poking on the 14th. We must all be praying.” A video about this has been making the rounds on social media. “We waste money on unnecessary things,” said Mandla Sotobe. Thabang Motseki said he didn’t see why people should celebrate the day when there’s death left, right and centre. “We’ll pray for those who lost their lives to Covid-19,” said Thabang. Liam Dlamini said he’ll be praying at home. “My girlfriend thinks I’m joking. I guess she’ll have to see on the day,” said Liam. Ladies who saw the messages couldn’t understand why men choose this day to pray. “They think we’re stupid? If my man doesn’t get me a gift, I’m dumping him. He’s been spoiling me all these years and he can’t stop now,” said Lerato Mwelase. Thandiwe Mokoena said her man has always been against Valentine’s Day. “I’ve always been the one who insists that we go out,” said Thandiwe. Dikeledi Modise said she’ll drag her man to the store if she has to, but he’ll be buying gifts. “I’m not fooled by a man who’s never prayed in his life. He can’t suddenly tell me he’ll pray for Covid-19 – not on my watch,” said Dikeledi.