THE two nurses accused of defrauding a patient made a brief appearance in the Durban Magistrate's Court on Friday 22 January. Accused number one (40), who works at St Augustine Hospital and accused number two (44), who works at Busamed Gateway Private Hospital, were appearing to make a formal bail application. The application of the first accused was postponed to 5 February after her lawyer, Sibahle Mchunu, asked for a postponement. The second accused was released on a R3000 bail following a brief reading of his sworn affidavit. Reading the affidavit of the second accused, Mchunu said he will not interfere with state witnesses as he’s a breadwinner at home and he has a small child that he’s looking after. “The accused has two legitimate physical addresses. There is one in Maqadini area as well as another one in Tongaat. “He will afford R1000 bail. He will abide by all his bail conditions,” said Mchunu. In the affidavit, the second accused also stated that remaining behind bars will make him lose his job. After the reading of an affidavit, Magistrate Melane De Jager asked where the second accused works, how much he earns and to specify if he had any conviction or any case that he is still attending in a court. “He works at Busamed in Gateway. He earns R16 500 and he was convicted on 7 March 2013 and given a five-year-imprisonment in jail that he served fully,” said Mchunu. The state prosecutor pointed out that this information was not disclosed before. De Jager said: “You are given R3000 bail and your case is being postponed to 21 April 2021 for further investigation. The two accused were arrested at the beginning of last week and they made their first appearance on Wednesday, 13 January. This came after they were found to have been going on a shopping spree with a bank card of a patient who was being treated at St Augustine Hospital, where the first accused works. The shopping spree continued even after the patient had died. The matter was brought to the police’s attention by the patient’s business partner after he kept receiving bank notifications. It’s alleged the first accused got the pin code of the card in the phone of the patient. Both the accused were arrested immediately after the investigating officer from Umbilo cop obtained footage from the stores where the card was used.