They gang hijacked two top-class Mercedes Benz vehicles and
thought they had hit jackpot. But they ended up behind bars and the cars were recovered
before they could even sell them cops stopped them in their tracks. Gauteng Police have confirmed the suspects were nabbed in
Sharpeville, Vaal. Provincial Coo spokeswoman Brigadier Mathapelo Peters the
arrest came after a hijacking and kidnapping which happened on the 11th of
January. "Information received states that a driver was hijacked
and allegedly kept hostage by the suspects who released him a few hours
later," said Peters. She added that the information received led the team of
officers to a house in Sharpeville. Upon arrival, the police found the sought
Mercedes Benz GLC SUV and another Mercedes Benz Sedan which was stolen at Dawn
Park SAPS in December 2020. "A search on the vehicles and the premises led to the
discovery of a total of 10 firearms consisting of three AK-47 rifles, a
dashprod rifle, five pistols, a silicone gun, plus seven magazines, over 180
ammunition of different firearms, explosives, signal jammer, and housebreaking
implements," said Peters. Peters added that further investigations are underway to
determine the possible linkage of the suspects and the firearms to other
violent crimes in the Province. Therefore the possibility of more charges emerging during
the investigation cannot be ruled out. The Acting Provincial Commissioner of police in
GautengGeneral Tommy Mthombeni welcomed this success by various stakeholders. “Those investigating this and all related cases must work
hard to build a watertight case that will ensure a successful prosecution and
conviction in court. What the team seized during this operation is indicative
of the extremity of the violence these suspects may be involved in, terrorising
our communities,” said General Mthombeni. Peters said the two suspects aged 35 and 40 are expected to
make their first appearance in the Vereeniging Magistrates Court tomorrow on
charges of possession of hijacked vehicles, 
unlicensed firearms and ammunition.