MAMELODI Sundowns co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi has heaped praise on striker Peter Shalulile following yet another solid performance for his new team. The Namibian international was a handful for defenders again as the defending champions signalled their intentions for the title with a 1-0 over a dangerous Orlando Pirates at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Saturday. Shalulile has been immense for the Tshwane giants since he joined, playing a pivotal role alongside Themba Zwane and Kermit Erasmus in Downs’ quest for more success this season. The former Highlands Park striker has scored five times and provided two assists in his 11 outings for Sundowns in all competitions this season as he seamlessly settles into life in Chloorkop. He has had little trouble in nailing down a starting berth in a Sundowns team that is notoriously tough to break into given the fierce competition for places thanks to the riches they possess. His coaches Mngqithi, Rulani Mokwena and Steve Komphela have all been delighted with his exploits so far. “Peter (Shalulile) is one of the rare breeds,” said Mngqithi. “You wish for the kind of money that is paid for our players, they would have the same mentality in terms of their professionalism towards their work because I regard him as a soldier. He runs for 90 minutes non-stop. He can press the whole back four on his own and still give you the right energy in attack when we win the ball back. “So for me, he is one of the best buys we have got this season. But I must say that most of the guys we bought this season are really coming in handy. “Mothobi (Mvala) is showing his class and proving how much of a grafter he is and Kermit has also been instrumental. “We have a group of committed players but Peter has some rare qualities and his intensity is unbelievable.” Sundowns will now turn their attention to the Caf Champions League where they face Botswana outfit Jwaneng Galaxy at the same venue in the second-leg of their first-round clash. Mngqithi and his colleagues will be expected to tinker with their team as they look to rest some players and give a chance to others in their star-studded team. They hold a 2-0 aggregate lead over their opponents. “When you want to win championships, it’s very important to have depth,” added Mngqithi. “We should complement the work done by everyone around the team. “I believe the group is working very hard, the technical staff, support staff and players.”