AFTER losing his wife and friend to Covid-19, Madito Molebalwa (50) has appealed to all South Africans to respect the lockdown restrictions. Madito from Mogwase, outside Rustenburg in the North West, said his wife had been showing flu-like symptoms. But they only decided to take her to the hospital after she started having shortness of breath and hiccups. She was admitted to Moses Kotane Hospital and was tested for Covid-19 on Christmas Eve last year. She died in the early hours of Christmas Day. The following day Madito went to the hospital to get tested but said he has still not received his test results to this day. He said he was shocked that his wife was positive when he was completely well. He said even when she was showing flu-like symptoms, they shared the same bed and drank from the same glass. He said he did not give his wife the proper burial she deserved as everything was rushed. “My wish was to bury my wife on 2 January 2021. I had to bury her under pressure. As an African, there were some customs I could not perform. I didn’t have enough time to mourn and we could not bury her as the big family we are,” he said. Madito said it still breaks his heart that he buried his wife the way he did. “I’m not even sure it was her in the coffin because we were not allowed to open it. It’s a bad experience I don’t wish on anyone. “People must take this seriously and follow the given regulations. Sterilise households, wear masks, sanitise, avoid crowded places and wash your hands,” he said. Madito expressed further concern over the provincial health department and government. “I tested for Covid-19 on 26 December 2021 but still don’t know my status. If I was positive I’ve now healed. “How many people, like me, are still waiting for their results? I still have a list of the people who attended the funeral. “It has not been collected by health people. Boarders must be closed and the ban on alcohol must remain,” he said. Department of Health spokesman Tebogo Lekgethwane said the department offers counselling to anyone who’s lost a loved one in their facilities for any cause, including Covid-19. “Any Covid-19 contact is expected to self-quarantine for at least 10 days. Test results should be provided within that period. If they don’t have a suitable place to quarantine, the state will provide one. “The purpose of collected data is to manage contact tracing and follow up with anyone who could have been a contact. The data remains with the department until all contact tracing is concluded,” he said.