MILLIONS of rands were siphoned from the State Security Agency and channelled towards former president Jacob Zuma. Former safety and security minister Dr Sydney Mufamadi, who was part of the panel that investigated the affairs of SSA, told the State Capture Inquiry yesterday that they were told in the 2015 financial year that an amount of R2,5 million per month was paid out and intended for Zuma and in the 2016 financial year, that was increased to R4,5 million per month. He said apparently, this money was provided via the then state security minister David Mahlobo. “I’m certain that the money was given to minister Mahlobo,” testified Mufamadi. He said the commission would have to investigate further whether Mahlobo kept the money for himself or passed it over to Zuma. He said all these transactions were in cash in an operation called Project Commitment. Mufamadi said they also interviewed Mahlobo on this matter but unfortunately the recording of that interview has been corrupted. He also could not remember the questions they put to him and how he answered. Commission chairman Deputy Justice Raymond Zondo wanted to know from Mufamadi whether to his knowledge there were instances where ministers would receive such cash money other than their salaries. “I don’t know of such instance. I can cite my own experience. I’ve never received such money. But we have no basis that the money was given to Zuma,” testified Mufamadi, adding that Mahlobo had acknowledged receiving the money. Mufamadi told the commission of other operations that were aimed at benefiting Zuma, such as Project Justice, which he said seemed to involve recruiting sources in the judiciary to influence the outcome of cases against Zuma. Mufamadi said according to information given to the panel, these sources were handled and paid by Mahlobo with a purse of R2,5 million and R4,5 million. He didn’t say if this was the amount intended for Zuma. “The panel was told this project was motivated by a perceived need to counter influence of judges who were hostile to Zuma. Allegations made were that judges were bribed to achieve this purpose,” he said. Mufamadi said they weren’t provided with actual evidence that the project was carried out to conclusion and that public confidence in the judiciary and its independence was important.