VILLAGERS are angry and shocked that the unknown men who shot and killed popular lensman Isaas Mnisi (46) on Monday night, 25 January are still at large. His body was found by two traumatized kids outside his kitchen door the following day in the morning. His saddened uncle, Gidion Chawane, told Daily Sun that Isaas lived with his five kids after the death of his wife two years ago. He said he had just arrived home and parked his car outside and ready to go to bed. The uncle said a few minutes later Isaas heard a knock on his bedroom window of a strange men asking for a help. “The men said their car was trapped in the wet dusty road. They asked him to go and pull them up with his car. Suddenly the strangers fired shots at him. He was shot twice in the head and twice in the chest. He died on the spot before the men fled the scene,” said Gidion. His aunt Eunice Chawane (63) said it was hurting because Isaas was a people’s person who was always smiling, and he loved his five kids. “His young kids are now orphaned. The killers robbed them of their dad. He was a powerful apostolic church prophet, and a famous videographer and photographer around Bushbuckridge. He also played a pivotal role in his village’s development. We pray to God to help the police arrest his killers,” said the aunt. One of the residents said they were working with the police to find the killers. “Isaas was a great man with a golden heart. He contributed a lot to this community. His death cannot be ignored. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi confirmed that police have launched a manhunt of the suspects after a man (46) was shot dead at his home. “A case of murder is being investigated, and members of the public are requested to come forward with information that could lead to the arrest of the suspects. People must be very much careful. They must just not open the door for people, especially at night,” said Hlathi. Anyone with information can contact Warrant Officer Mashego on 072 312 4871 or CrimeStop on 08600 10111, or send information on MySapsApp