Mpumalanga Premier Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane has apologised to the public for disobeying Covid-19 regulations. Mtshweni-Tsipane was spotted without a mask at the funeral service of minister Jackson Mthembu today, who died of Covid-19 related complications. She was seen waving to the people and went further to hug a police officer. The public took to social media to raise their concerns with her ignoring the national disaster regulations. The public has further called on President Cyril Ramaphosa to take action against her meanwhile, others have called for her arrest. Bheki Cele has footage and photos of the premier without a Mask. But nah that's not enough for uNdosi. He wants to investigate.South Africa: she's not wearing a mask, she's hugging people. Not even DD can stop her.Cele: pic.twitter.com/U0gz8k9Qou  Mpumalanga EFF leader Collen Sedibe said it was irresponsible for an ANC leader not to wear a mask especially in a funeral of a Covid-19 victim. "They don’t see the significance of wearing a mask. How will they advocate for the compliance with COVID-19 regulations when they even forget to wear a mask in a funeral, sies." Meanwhile a Twitter user, Sandile Mtshweni said, "She must be arrested period, what's preached to the general public must apply to the so-called leaders. Bheki Cele has evidence and the police officers that where there must be charged too for not discharging their duties". Sizwe Dlamini in a tweet said, 'If it was me I would have been behind bars long before I made this tweet.' If it was me I would have been behind bars long before I made thus tweet. #JacksonMthembuFuneral pic.twitter.com/9oMMcJaeE4  Premier Mtshweni-Tsipane's spokeswoman said Tsipane, Sibongile Mkani-Mpolweni said the Premier believed that the mask was intact as it had been the case throughout the proceedings. "The Premier’s aides promptly sought a replacement mask which the Premier utilized for the rest of the proceedings. The Premier has extended an apology to the people of Mpumalanga for that momentary lapse wherein her mask fell without her being aware or conscious of it. Premier Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane broke the law in the presence of President @CyrilRamaphosa . She ignored the VP’s reminder to put on a mask. She hugged people at a super spreader event. She put other lives at risk. Arrest her. #BhekiCele #RIPJacksonMthembu #JacksonMthembuFuneral pic.twitter.com/6TeLW0w7oX  The Premier has emphasized the importance of adhering to the COVID - 19 regulations and continues to urge the people  of Mpumalanga to constantly wear masks, practice social distancing and sanitize or wash hands frequently," she said