ORLANDO Pirates dropped more points yesterday when they were held to a
goalless draw by Golden Arrows in a DStv Premiership match at Orlando Stadium. Pirates came into the match aiming to return to winning ways having lost 2-0
to Black Leopards in Thohoyandou on Sunday. Bucs have picked up just one win in
their last five league matches and the draw has dented their hopes of catching
up with the leading pack in a bid to win the league title for the first time in
nine years. The stalemate ensured that Arrows maintain their unbeaten run as this was
their seventh draw of the season with four victories. The teams  have now met in 39 matches since 2000/01 season. Pirates
claimed 20 wins compared to six for Arrow, while 13 matches have been drawn. Pirates have won ten of their last 19 home league games against Abafana
Bes’thende suffering two defeats in the process. The teams have failed to score
against each other in the last three league meeting having drawn  goalless
at the same venue in the second round last season and drew by the same margin
in the first round. Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer made five changes to his starting line-up that
lost to Lidoda Duvha with keeper Richard Ofori replacing Wayne Sandilands in
goal, while Bongani Sam was given the nod ahead of Innocent Maela who was
relegated to the bench after he conceded an own goal against Leopards. Happy
Jele also started alongside Thulani Hlatshwayo  while Thabang  Monare
added stability in midfield ahead of Wayde Jooste. Terrence Dzvukamanja led the
attack while Gabadinho Mhango paved his way. Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi made just one forced change in the absence of
defender Matome Mathiane due to injury.  He decided to stick to the
starting  line-up that has yet to taste defeat. Pirates winger Thembinkosi Lorch was unlucky not to break the deadlock in
the 35th minute when his header came off the upright following a pin
point cross from Sam who was giving Arrows defenders a tough time on the left
flank. Pirates piled pressure on Arrows after the break, but they could not
penetrate the solid Arrows defence.