RESIDENTS are serious about fighting crime in their kasis. A joint effort by residents, a private security company and the police has led to the recovery of hijacked vehicles and unlicensed firearms in different kasis around Ekurhuleni. According to police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo, the recoveries made were from two incidents. He said on the first incident, cops were patrolling when they received a tip-off from the members of the community about a vehicle that looked suspicious at Springs Mall. “Members acted fast and approached the suspects. Upon seeing the police, the suspects drove out of the mall in a high speed and the police, joined by Ekurhuleni Metro police officers, community police forum members and private security, gave chase,” said Masondo. He told Daily Sun that as they were cornered, the suspects jumped out of the car and fled on foot. He said the suspects were later arrested. “Police searched the car and found two unlicenced firearms. Further investigation also revealed that the car driven by the suspects, a VW Polo, was fitted with false registration plates and reportedly hijacked in Moffat View,” said Masondo.  He said on the second incident, the driver of a car escorting a delivery truck was hijacked his Nissan Livina in Tembisa. He added that the truck driver who witnessed the hijacking alerted the police, who were nearby and a search ensued. “The hijacked car was spotted and police pulled the car over. Two suspects who were also found with cash robbed from the victim and unlicensed firearm were arrested,” he said. Masondo said the firearms will be sent for ballistic tests to check whether they have been previously used in the commission of crimes. Masondo the Gauteng commissioner Lieutenant-General Elias Mawela thanked the private security and community members who continue to work with the police to ensure that the criminals are exposed and that illegal firearms in circulation and often used in the commission of serious and violent crimes are seized. He said the community is reminded to surrender illegal or unwanted firearms to the nearest police station as the amnesty period continues until 31 January 2021.