TS Galaxy have confirmed Owen da Gama as their new head coach on a three-year deal. Da Gama is taking over from interim coach Zipho Dlangalala who was given the club's job on a caretaker basis following the sacking of Dan Malesela. However, Dlangalala, while the club was in search for a new coach, couldn’t arrest the club’s slide in two games in charge. Dlangalala, who previously coached Royal Eagles and University of Pretoria, saw his club draw 2-2 against Baroka FC before being thrashed 3-0 by SuperSport United at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday. That speed up the process for Tim Sukazi to appoint Da Gama. Initially, the club last week was set to appoint former Maritzburg United coach Eric Tinkler. But SunSport understand that Tinkler's demands were too heavy for the club carry hence the change of mind and opted for ex-Highlands Park coach. But Da Gama was already on TS Galaxy’s pay roll as Sukazi was paying him from his old contract that he still had with Highlands Park, who sold their DStv Premiership status to the former football agent. "As a club, we took the view that we would be best placed with a coach who has experience in the local game as the season is already on the run and there is no time to orientate a coach who has never coached in DSTV Premiership,' said Sukazi on Monday. Given where we are in the season, we wanted someone who will hit the ground running from the onset. The fact that coach Owen has worked with most of our current crop of players gave him a notch. Unfortunately there are not too many coaches out there who tick these two critical boxes." Looks like Sukazi has made the right choice with Da Gama who knows Galaxy players well having worked with them last season in Tembisa, and led them to the MTN8 final only to lose to SuperSport. The former Bafana Bafana interim and national under-23 coach though has his work cut out at the club. He comes to the Galaxy team that has been dragged into the relegation zone, lying 13th on the log table with eight points from 10 games. They have not won in eight games now, with the club’s victory coming against AmaZulu in what was the second league match of the season. They are just two points ahead of bottom placed Black Leopards and 15th placed Chippa United and one ahead of 14th placed Kaizer Chiefs. In taking over the challenge ahead of his first assignment against Malesela’s Chippa United at Mbombela Stadium on Saturday, Da Gama said he believes "God was on our side". “I come a long way with Tim and when I looked at the ambition of the club, I was really attracted to TS Galaxy. They won the Nedbank Cup while in the GladAfrica Championship (and) it showed there is a lot of ambition in this team. I want to take this challenge and I’m confident that we will turn things around," Da Gama said.