The 
police on Thursday destroyed 35 069 firearms that were either 
confiscated, forfeited to the State, or were voluntarily handed over 
during the firearm amnesty period that ends on Sunday.  The 
destruction was overseen by the Divisional Commissioner of Operational 
Response Services Lieutenant- General Nhlanhla Mkhwanazi at Cape Gate 
Wire and Steel Manufactures in Vanderbijlpark, Gauteng. WATCH : The #GunDestruction process is underway. #GunsOffTheStreets pic.twitter.com/ryRExmRvi2  "The 
proliferation of illegal firearms has therefore been dealt a decisive 
blow with cooperation from the public as a total of 9 918 of the 
destroyed firearms were voluntarily surrendered during the 2019/2020 
firearm amnesty period - 1 December 2019 to 31 May 2020. Only 2019/2020 
amnesty firearms that have been ABIS tested, not linked to a pending 
firearm application or criminal investigation were included for 
destruction," said national police spokesperson Colonel Brenda Muridili.  "Daily,
 SAPS members on patrol are bravely stopping and searching suspicious 
vehicles looking for contraband and illegal firearms. Therefore, 
reducing the number of illegal firearms in circulation continues to be 
one of the police's priorities. Melting these firearms therefore ensures
 that these firearms will never find their way back in circulation," 
said Muridili. A total of 40 729 firearms and 199 573 rounds of 
ammunition have been surrendered so far during the amenity period which 
ends on Sunday. "Individuals and institutions in possession of 
illegal, obsolete and redundant firearms or parts thereof are encouraged
 to use the remaining three days to surrender them without fear of 
prosecution for illegal possession," said Muridili. Muridili also urged those who inherit guns from deceased relatives to handle them in line with the law.  "The
 Act provides that in case of death, the family/executor must dispose of
 the firearm by deactivating it through a gunsmith, selling it to an 
accredited firearm dealer or individual or voluntarily surrendering it 
to SAPS for destruction," she said.    