Speaker after speaker described the late Tshimangadzo Tshiololi (75), better known as TJ, as a giant tree that had fallen. They said many people still need his shade for a better life. Tshiololi was the chairman of the Vhembe Concerned Pensioners, a group that is fighting to retain the pension of the former Venda government employees, also called “Dabalorivhuwa”. He was buried in his village of Mulenzhe, outside Thohoyandou, on Saturday. His memorial service was held on Friday under strict Covid-19 regulations, where only family members and close relatives were allowed to bid him farewell. One of his children, Khumbelo Tshiololi, said his father taught them how to be good children with morals, to have empathy and to take their education seriously. Tshiololi said his father died on Tuesday night, 5 January at Mediclinic in Tzaneen after a short illness. He confirmed he had died after being diagnosed with Covid-19. Reading his obituary, Khumbelo said his father was born in Duthuni Village just outside Thohoyandou and obtained his BA degree in 1973 from the University of Turfloop, now University of Limpopo. He started formal work as a senior library assistant at the University of Limpopo in 1976 and then became a teacher at Mphaphuli High School. He was then employed by Radio Venda as an announcer/journalist/producer in 1979. “He became the first manager of the then Radio Thohoyandou, which was under the department of information and broadcasting and was instrumental in establishing the said station from the ground. After the abolition of the apartheid government, he was instrumental in the discussion to amalgamate all the TBVC broadcasting institutions into the SABC, and then became the first general manager of the SABC Limpopo in 1991,” said Khumbelo. Meanwhile in a statement from the office of the public protector, Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane said she was saddened by Tshiololi’s death. She said he was one the three complainants in a 12-year pension dispute affecting dozens of former employees of the former Venda homeland. “Together with the other two, they alleged that the Government Employees Pension Fund and National Treasury acted improperly during the privatisation of the Venda Pension Fund, thereby prejudicing members of the fund. They also alleged that, as a result of the said privatisation, they were not entitled to full pension benefits in terms of the Government Employees Pension Law,” said Mkhwebane. She said it was sad that Tshiololi, like several former civil servants from the defunct Venda administration, died while still awaiting justice even after successfully obtaining the assistance and intervention of an independent constitutional institution. One of the retirees, Rose Ambani said life will never be the same without Tshiololi. “We have seen his hard work and dedication for fighting the former Venda pension fund from the start until his last day on the earth. We will forge ahead with our struggle to retain the money of our people, and we will not rest until we overcome,” said Ambani. He left behind his wife, Molly Tshiololi, children, grandchildren and siblings.