The country will remain on adjusted alert level 3 with a few changes to restrictions imposed late last year, and this will be the case until the government is safe to downgrade as the coronavirus pandemic continues to ravage the country with souring new cases Addressing the nation on Monday night, President Cyril Ramaphosa said many of the restrictions he announced late last year remain in place but the revised ones among others include the closing of inland borders. Ramaphosa said all 20 land borders will be closed and this was necessitated by the crowing of busy borders such as the Beitbridge where several cases were detected from returning people and others reportedly using fraudulent medical certificates. However, returning South Africans from holidays will still be allowed to enter the country. So too would be the transportation of fuel, cargo goods, those seeking emergency medical attention for a life-threatening condition and students studying in the country as well as diplomats. Ramaphosa also announced the revised curfew hours which will start at 9pm and end at 5am. Ramaphosa said the country was in the middle of a fierce storm as the current variant of the virus which he said was first identified in Mzansi was spreading faster leading to the strain of the health system. He said since the beginning of the year 4600 deaths related to the virus had been recorded and nearly 190 000 new coronavirus infections recorded pushing the total number of cases recorded since the pandemic last year to more than 1.2 million. The death toll has also breached the 33 000 mark, with more than 148 000 people so far hospitalized. He said currently 15 000 people nationally admitted with the virus and a third of them were on oxygen and this was putting a strain on the system and shifting the focus to oxygen supply. He encouraged people to avoid what has been described as the three Cs, namely closed spaces, crowded places and close contact with others due to new variant. He added that because the new variant can infect people more easily, it was important that people are even more cautious about the places they go to and the number of people with whom they interacted. “We are now in the centre of the storm. We do not know how much longer it will last or how much worse it will get. But we know what we need to do to weather the storm. We know what we need to do to protect ourselves and those around us. “We know what we need to do – as a nation, as a continent and as a global community – to overcome this pandemic. We need to act with a common purpose, understanding that what we each do is important for ourselves, our families, our communities and our society. “If we work together as we have done over these many months, if we maintain our resolve, we will realise the new year that we all so dearly hope for,” he said. With regards to restrictions, Ramaphosa said given the risk of widespread transmission, most indoor and outdoor gatherings will not be permitted. This includes social gatherings, religious gatherings, political events, traditional council meetings and gatherings at sports grounds. This does not include funerals and other limited exceptions as detailed in the regulations, such as restaurants, museums and gyms. Funerals may not be attended by more than 50 people, and there needs to be social distancing, hand sanitising and mask-wearing. "Funerals havd become a death trap for money of our people," said Ramaphosa The sale of alcohol remains banned. “Health services in several parts of the country reported that the prohibition of alcohol sales had significantly reduced the number of trauma cases seen in our hospitals over the New Year period. It is vital that we continue to protect our health services,” he said. Like before all beaches, dams, lakes, rivers, public parks and public swimming pools in hotspot areas will be closed but botanical gardens, national parks and other parks where access control measures and entry limitations are in place may remain open to the public. On the vaccine, Ramaphosa said the country was in the process of procuring vaccines through three channels: through the World Health Organization’s COVAX facility, through the African Union’s vaccine initiative and direct engagements with vaccine manufacturers. He said the government was targeting to vaccinate 40 million people will be the largest and most complex logistical undertaking in the country’s history. “It will be far more extensive than our HIV treatment programme or even our national, provincial and local elections in terms of the number of people who have to be reached within a short space of time. “It will require the active involvement of all spheres of government, all sectors of society and all citizens and residents of our country,” he said.