PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has renewed the promise that the vaccine is on its way. But when it gets here, whenever that may be, health workers are going be the first in line to receive the lifesaving jab. “In phase 1 the first batch of vaccines will be applied to around 1,2 million frontline health workers,” Ramaphosa said during Monday’s family meeting. He said in phase 2, essential workers such as teachers, police, municipal workers and other frontline personnel will be prioritised. “We’ll also prioritise people in institutions like old-age homes, shelters and prisons, people over 60 years of age and adults with comorbidities.” He said the plan is that 16 million people will be reached in this phase. And in phase 3, with increased manufacturer supplies, the remaining adult population of about 22,5 million people will be vaccinated.” The DA’s John Steenhuisen said either the president or the manufacturers are lying. “It’s simply a lie that government has been negotiating for vaccines for the past six months,” he said. “If Ramaphosa wants us to believe that, he needs to provide proof.” Steenhuisen said many questions remained unanswered. “We welcome the announcement that 20 million vaccines have been secured, but the details are very vague,” he said. “Who’s supplying them? When will they arrive? Where will the African Union vaccines be coming from, and how will they be divided up among countries? Why are we only hearing about the AU programme now?” Health Minister Zweli Mkhize had previously stated the country has secured over 1,5 million doses of vaccine from Serum Institute of India in the first quarter of the year. On several social media platforms, people have expressed concerns over the vaccine’s possible side effects. Ramaphosa said disinformation and conspiracy theories are being spread about the Covid-19 vaccines. He said: “Yet vaccines have been used to eradicate diseases such as smallpox and polio. Children get vaccinated routinely against many diseases. “Travellers are often vaccinated against diseases like yellow fever.”