AN Eskom info portal email that was also accessible to the
Guptas belonged to then board chairman Dr Ben Ngubane. Former Eskom chief executive officer Matshela Koko
testifying at the State Capture Inquiry said this email address was
administered by then utility head of legal services Susan Daniels who in her
testimony told the commission last year she was introduced to the Guptas. Koko said he was “flabbergasted and shocked” when he refuted
Daniels testimony that the email was under his control. He added that he was given this email address by Daniels and
to his knowledge when he was corresponding in this address with Ngubane and
Daniels was a conduit. “So all of these emails are sent to Dr Ngubane but they will
be opened by Miss Daniels,” asked evidence leader Advocate Pule Seleka to which
Koko replied in the positive. Koko said it was from this email address where he received
an email about the prepayment of R1,6 billion Tengeta, a company linked to the
Guptas. He said he forwarded it back to Daniels who was dealing with
prepayments while he dealt with transactions. Seleka pointed out the email was not about the guarantee,
not the prepayments and Ngubane had testified to the commission that he knew
nothing about the guarantee. Seleka said as far as Ngubane knew, according to
his testimony, the guarantees were prepared by former Eskom chief financial
officer Anoj Singh who did not attend board meetings. Singh is expected to stand on Wednesday in another Eskom
related testimony at the commission. Seleka added that as far as 
Ngubane knew, the board had resolved the prepayment a day before the
email was sent. “I understand why the chairman would say that. I understand
why the chairman would say that perfectly. The reason why I say I understand
why the chairman would say perfectly is because I put together the submission
to the board. “And my affidavit tells you that I also didn’t know about
the guarantee. So I am not surprised that the chairman did not know about the
guarantee. I was the recipient of this email but I still don’t know about the
guarantee,” said Koko. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo said
he found it awkward that the board chairman would be sent Koko an email dealing
with such issues, simply because these were matters dealt with by executives. “This email seems to be of somebody who is very involved in
the actual contracts or terms of the contracts,” Raymond said to which Koko
said he agreed. But Raymond questioned why Koko did not raise this with
Ngubane and asked why he was getting involved in matters that are reserved for
the executives who would later brief the board. “Mr chairman. Now your reasoning makes sense. But I did not
have that reason to do that then. I did not, and that is why I sent to Susan
(Daniels) and said come back to me,” he testified. Koko said he later met Daniels in the afternoon and asked if
he should be worried about anything and she assured him that all was in order. “My fault, if any in many of these transactions, is probably
because maybe I trusted too much. That’s my fault. If I am guilty maybe I am
guilty of that,” he said.