ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer is keeping his team selection close to his chest. Zinnbauer is faced with a selection poser at the left channel after Innocent Maela picked a fourth booking in Bucs’ 1-1 draw against TS Galaxy midweek. That means, Maela, who previously scored in the Derby, is ruled out of the tomorrow’s 172nd Soweto derby clash against Kaizer Chiefs at Orlando Stadium (3.30pm). However, Bongani Sam, robbed with injuries since he joined the club at the beginning of last season from Bloemfontein Celtic, has raised his hands in the last two games. He provided an assist against Maritzburg United for Deon Hottom to bundle a winner last weekend at Harry Gwala Stadium in what was his second start this season. Playing in a make shift back four against TS Galaxy midweek as a left back, Maela twinning with captain happy Jele  and right back Thulani Hlatshwayo, Sam followed that up with his first goal this season and first in the colours of Pirates. He swept home following a brilliant move to go away with a man of the match. Because this game is like no other locally, Zinnbauer, asked if Sam has raised his hands enough to start in his first league derby, the Germany-born coach didn’t want respond directly to the question. “All the players have a big chance and if you understand I don’t speak about the starting line-up or what we will do on Saturday,” said Zinnbauer. “Yes, Sam made a good performance and scored a goal. He’s in a good shape at the moment and now we will have to see. But understand we don’t speak about the starting line- up now but only on Saturday.” Despite having guided Bucs to the MTN8 trophy this season along the way thrashing Chiefs 5-0 (on aggregate) in both Wafa Wafa Cup semi-finals, Pirates fans are still not convinced that Zinnbauer will steer them to the league glory. Understandably so, fans feel Pirates, having dominated during the off season’s transfer business, are lacking a consistency and should be out of sights now. After 14 games played, Pirates have only accumulated 22 points, lying sixth on the table. Zinnbauer knows the fickle nature of fan. He said fans’ reaction is surprising him because when he meets them on the street they say difference things. “The problem is, the fans, the club like Orlando Pirates, they want success,” he said. “It is always so. I understand the fans being upset after the draw or you cannot get the points, I understand. “It is emotional business. You win three games, the world is changing, but we are working on it.” This will be a rare league derby at Orlando Stadium since FNB Stadium was reopened post the 2010 Fifa World Cup. *The majority of the derbies have been played at FNB Stadium with a total of 69‚ compared with 61 at Orlando. But this is due to games in Mzansi, almost all over the world, are played behind closed doors because of the Covid-19 pandemic.