Maritzburg United will look to end a winless drought in the DStv Premiership when they host Bloemfontein Celtic at Harry Gwala Stadium on the evening of Saturday 2 January 2021. Kick-off is at 5.30pm CAT. Maritzburg saw their winless start to the campaign extended to eight matches when they were held 2-2 at home by Stellenbosch FC on December 18, with Judas Moseamedi scoring two goals for the KwaZulu-Natal club. In fact, the Team of Choice is winless in the top-flight league since beating Polokwane City 1-0 in early March 2020 – that’s 14 matches without tasting victory. The bottom-of-the-log club will definitely be hoping that the New Year brings new fortune. “It’s a process for us to improve. We have made a start, but there is still a long way to go,” said United coach Ernst Middendorp. “Everybody is prepared to contribute. We have to look how far it's possible but everybody is prepared so far and I'm quite sure in the end of the season we'll make it to come out this miserable position, I'm sure.” Celtic, meanwhile, have gone three league matches unbeaten, with their last outing on December 19 producing a 1-1 draw away to Kaizer Chiefs. Tumelo Mangweni scored their equalising goal. Phunya Sele Sele were also in CAF Confederation Cup action four days later, suffering a disappointing 2-0 first-leg home loss at the hands of Nigerian side Rivers United which has likely doomed them to an early exit from the continental competition. “We're okay, we started the league very badly so you can see we're getting better, we're happy with the progress that is going on now, we just continue working hard,” said coach John Maduka. The Malawian added that Mangweni’s prowess coming off the bench has been impressive: “He goes in there and scores for the team I think he's very good. He can always start, there are games where we have started him. We expect the players on the bench to see the game, when they watch the game they don't watch like supporters so that when they go in there they make a huge difference.” In head-to-head stats, Maritzburg and Celtic have met in 28 league matches since 2005/06. United have claimed 10 wins compared to seven for Phunya Sele Sele, while 11 games have been drawn. The KwaZulu-Natal side has recorded five wins and suffered three defeats in 14 home matches in the rivalry. Last season Celtic took four points off Maritzburg, drawing 2-2 in Pietermaritzburg in November 2019 and winning 3-1 in the return game at Tuks Stadium in September 2020. The latter result broke a four-game winless streak in the rivalry for Phunya Sele Sele. -SuperSport