THE South African Editors’ Forum (Sanef) has called for media personality Somizi Mhlongo-Motaung to apologise. But the Metro FM presenter has responded by saying that he will never apologise for protecting himself. This was after he posted the private numbers of a journalist who had written a story about him, alleging that his marriage to Mohale Motaung-Mhlongo was on the rocks. He stated this in a lengthy video that was posted on his Instagram account. “There has been an ongoing battle that involves me and a journalist. This is after the journalist wrote something about me, my husband and our marriage. After I read the story, I decided to retaliate and make the journalist also feel what it is like to have your privacy invaded,” the star said in the video. “I then posted the same message that she sent me on my social media with her numbers showing, and since then, media personnel are saying that there has to be action taken against me.” The talented media personality said some of his friends had advised him to apologise. “Some of my close friends have been asking that I apologise, and the media has even went to a point where they tag companies that I work for to say action must be taken. My issue is that you attack my personal space, but when I serve you back what you have dished out, you play victim,” he continued. ALSO READ |ACTRESS ZIKHONA CELEBRATES MOTHERHOOD Somizi felt attacked because people were involving companies that he worked for. “They are tagging my bosses. What are you hoping to achieve? Are you hoping that I get fired or send out an apology? I got a call from one of my bosses and I told him that I’m still not sorry for what I did because I am in a space where I’d do everything to protect my personal space and the ones that I love and are dear to me,” he said. “I will never sell my soul just to put bread on the table. I would rather die standing than to live longer on my knees, just because I’m begging for bread.” Somizi further said he was in the public eye, and didn’t have a problem when stories about him were published, as long as they were true. “I don’t have a problem when my stuff is out there. But I have a problem when things that are not factual are being published about me and the people close to me. “She wrote a story that my marriage is on the rocks and that I found out my husband cheated on me with a married man, and I’m protecting that man. I have no idea who they are talking about,” Somizi continued. “I have a problem when journalists think they can write about anything and everything just because they have sources, when it’s not a factual.” He further acknowledged that he was wrong for sharing the journalist’s personal number. “And again I’m not apologising. The only thing I know I did wrong was to share the journo’s number. But I did it deliberately. It was my way of making her know what it feels like to have your private space invaded.” A post shared by Somizi (@somizi) 