MAMELODI Sundowns coach Manqoba Mnqgithi says it was “encouraging” to see his side win against a big team like Orlando Pirates without Themba Zwane at Loftus Stadium this past weekend. Mngqithi said they don’t want to be too reliant on one player although he admitted that when Zwane is not part of the team, it does impact on other players. Zwane was absent when Sundowns defeated Pirates 1-0 this past weekend as he suffered a knock before the game which the club confirmed. Without the 31-year-old star, who walked away with three major individual awards last season – including the PSL Footballer of the Season, Sundowns’ inter-passing wasn’t crispy to unlock Pirate’ defence. The Tshwane giants had to rely on set play to get a goal when Brian Onyango bundled the ball home. However, it was enough to see Sundowns stretch their points tally at the summit to 21 from nine games played. However, this was not the first time Zwane, who has scored seven league goals in seven matches in this season’s DStv Premiership, was missing. He was absent when Sundowns got a 1-1 draw against Golden Arrows in December last year. Again, it was clear as they struggled to break down Abafana Bes’Thende. “It was important to win the game without Themba Zwane,” said Mngqithi. “Yes, we have won many games without Gaston Sirino, but winning the game without Zwane is something that most players would not have thought possible. “It is important for the team not to depend on certain individuals, though we know the value attached to Zwane. “But the fact of the matter is, at Sundowns, we are trying to build a team that does not have a dependency on certain individuals.” Zwane’s importance to Sundowns is that he can squeeze a pass through in confined spaces on the pitch. He showed that in a bubble against Kaizer Chiefs when he back-heeled the ball to Sirino and the Uruguayan was clean through to pick up the prize. Mngqithi also admitted that Sirino’s mind has been all over the place since the failed move to the Egyptian giants Al Ahly fell through. The troublesome attacking midfielder was keen to join his former coach Pitso Mosimane at the Club of the Century. Sirino last played for the Tshwane giants in the MTN8 quarter final against Bloemfontein Celtic in October and has missed all nine league matches. However, Mngqithi has warned Sirino that he won’t get a free pass in the starting line-up. “It’s not going to be a walk in the park because the boys are giving their best,” he said.