SWALLOWS FC’s red-hot striker Ruzaigh Gamildien has revealed the inspiration behind his fine form for the DStv Premiership newbies this season. The 31-year-old forward’s scoring prowess has been one of the driving forces behind the Dube Birds’ blistering start to the season. They currently sit joint-top of the Premiership with defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns on 21 points from nine matches. Gamildien has been key to Swallows’ form, scoring seven goals to ensure they keep pace with Downs. He scored yet another brace as the Birds defeated Cape Town City 3-2 at Dobsonville Stadium on Tuesday to get their sixth win of the season. Brandon Truter’s outfit are yet to lose a match this season, and have only played three draws. Gamildien’s seven league goals see him sit joint top of the scoring charts with the likes of Themba Zwane, Mduduzi Mdantsane and Bradley Grobler. The former Chippa United man has revealed what has inspired him to play well as he has been doing of late. “I just think I came back really motivated,” said Gamildien. “The setbacks that I have had in the past have been my inspiration. I was really disappointed with how things ended at my previous clubs and I felt I had a point to prove. “I set small goals for myself and most of my performances are thanks to the coach who has given me a chance to redeem myself and show what I have to offer at this level.” Gamildien has admitted that he does have his eye on the Golden Boot, but is more focused on the team’s success. He believes they’re on to something special as a team and need to keep pushing themselves until the end of the season, and see where they end up. “Obviously I would love to win the Golden Boot, especially at my age,” added Gamildien. “But the most important thing is for the team to keep doing well and finish as high as we possibly can. “We believe in one another as a team. As the coach keeps preaching, we are a God-fearing team and we give praise to the Man above for getting us this far. We will keep taking it game by game.”