AGE is nothing but a number! It’s not often that players over the age of 35 hold their own against the youngsters, who are slowly making their name in the Premier Soccer League. Sipho Mbule comes to mind, but many golden oldies are still going strong. Since the 2020-21 season started, Jabu “Mavotja” Maluleke and Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane remain the oldest players to have featured. Yeye is currently playing for DStv Premiership newbies TS Galaxy. RENEILWE LETSHOLONYANE (38) The former Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United player continues to prove that age is just a number. Yeye alongside another veteran player, BEVAN FRANSMA (37), has been adding that much-needed experience at The Rockets team, who have been struggling since the season started. Early this season, Yeye said he still feels good to play and people should ditch the perception that upon reaching a certain age you should retire. Yeye said: “There’s a (wrong) perception in this country that when you reach a certain age you should retire. So, it’s a battle we’re trying to fight or rather fight is a strong word. It’s a perception that we need to change in the country. JABU MALULEKE (38) Mavotja, as he is known in football circles, remains one of the most consistent players. Last season, his former club Polokwane City got relegated to the GladAfrica Championships. Maluleka jumped the ship to another Limpopo side Sekhukhune United who are campaigning in South Africa’s first division. Mavotja has two league titles under his name, which he won during his days at SuperSport United in the 2009-10 and 2010-11 season, respectively. MORGAN GOULD (37) Despite some injury setback in his career, the Sekhukhune central defender has soldiered on. After his short spell with Stellenbosch FC last season, Gould joined Maluleka in the first division where they’ll be hoping to help Sekhukhune challenge for the title and gain promotion to the elite league. SIPHIWE TSHABALALA (36) Tshabalala recently joined AmaZulu FC after being clubless for over a year, having parted ways with Turkish club BB Erzurumspor in June 2019. Tshabalala has reunited with his former Kaizer Chiefs teammate TSEPO MASILELA (35), who is another player that’s proving to be still agile at age 35. WAYNE SANDILANDS (37) The Orlando Pirates goal-minder has not made much of game time this season since the arrival of Richard Ofori who joined the club from Maritzburg United. But you can’t take away his experience. Earlier this month, he started the Caf Confederation Cup clash when Pirates narrowly defeated Sagrada Esperança. HLOMPHO KEKANA (35) is one of the cleanest footballers to come out of Mzansi. The Zebediela-born has had a glittering football career. Recently, he was nominated for the Puskas Award for the second time. But he couldn’t get enough votes to win the coveted prize which was won by Tottenham Hotspur striker Son Heung-min. Mamelodi Sundowns coach Manqoba Mngqithi heaped praise on the experienced midfielder: “He (Kekana) gives everything in every match. He gives the same spirit and the same mentality‚ irrespective of the age that is working against him. He is a true legend.”