BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach John Maduka is expecting a tough test for his charges when they come up against title-chasing SuperSport United. Phunya Sele Sele travel to the capital for their DStv Premiership date with Matsatsantsa A Pitori at the Lucas Moripe Stadium this afternoon (5 pm). Celtic are winless in their last four matches in all competitions and are desperate to get back on the winning trail. SuperSport, have had no such problems having won four of their last five matches. They are currently third on the Premiership standings with 19 points from nine matches, five points behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. Kaitano Tembo’s charges could overtake Swallows FC into second place with a win over Celtic. And with red-hot strikers Bradley Grobler and Thamsanqa Gabuza at his disposal, Tembo will be confident. The duo has been responsible for 13 of SuperSport’s 17 goals so far this season, proving a lethal partnership up front for Tembo’s side. Grobler is the league’s top goalscorer with nine goals while Gabuza has chipped in with four strikes. Maduka is wary of the threat posed by Matsatsantsa and will be hoping his side bring their A-game, especially defensively. “We expect a very tough game against SuperSport especially as we will be playing away from home,” said Maduka. “They are a good team with a good coach and quality players, we are expecting a tough battle.” Celtic lie in 10th spot, just three points outside the top eight. Maduka will be looking for improvement as he knows his side can do much better than the nine points they have collected from as many matches. He is mindful of the demanding schedule of the January period and believes the management of his squad will be key to improving their results. “Our focus is on getting the players recovered and as fresh as possible so that they can be ready for the next game,” added Maduka. “We want to collect points as quickly as possible. We know it won’t be easy in the second round so it’s important that we go out there and compete.”