A SANGOMA no longer has a place to talk to her ancestors and consult clients. This is because angry community members took a match to her indumba. THE SANGOMA WAS LUCKILY NOT HOME WHEN THE INCIDENT HAPPENED. Residents of Phophola in Stinkwater, Tshwane, turned on the woman after they decided, without any evidence, she was involved in the death of a woman. They wanted her to confess! READ: Sangoma: body parts riches  The woman died on Wednesday, 30 December and was buried in Block Mokone in Stinkwater on Tuesday. As if that was not enough, residents also burned a three-roomed shack belonging to the dead woman’s boyfriend. They said they wanted nothing to do with them and chased the whole family away. This is because they believed, again with absolutely no evidence, the dead woman was bewitched.  But the sangoma’s youngest son (30) told the angry community there was nothing to confess to and he’d not talk about anything regarding his family. Residents chased Joel from the community, saying he should leave if he knew what was good for him. They even threatened to burn him alive. Joel was escorted from his home by the police to a place of safety.  He told Daily Sun what the community did was bad. “The issue is about my mum, who they claim had something to do with the death of a woman in the area. “The woman who died was my brother’s girlfriend.” He said the community vowed to deal with him if he returned to the area. “Burning my mum’s indumba and vandalising her home will not solve any problem.” Joel said the community hated his mum because of her calling. Resident Benjamin Ndou (56) told the People’s Paper what the community perceived as witchcraft wasn’t welcome in the community, and anyone they thought to be practising it would be killed. ALSO READ: IGNORED VISIONS BURNT MY INDUMBA! “We’ll not entertain them in our area,” he said. Another resident, Linda Nxesi (43), said he’s a Christian and won’t be involved in burning, beating and killing people. “We shouldn’t be driven by anger,” she said. Daily Sun visited the dead woman’s family, but her mum refused to speak to the SunTeam and ordered them to leave. Sangoma Majoko Hlongwane said no one had the right to burn or destroy an indumba. “There are a lot of mad people in our communities because of such behaviour.” Captain Mavela Masondo said: “A case of arson was opened, but there were no arrests. Investigations continue.”