RAPE charges have been laid against popular DJs, Euphonik and Fresh. The charge was laid by  a woman, who alleged she was drugged and raped in 2011.She tweeted about the alleged ordeal on Twitter on Tuesday (12 January). She said she wasn't sure whether they both raped her or one of them did.She continued to say Fresh and Euphonik laughed about it in the morning after."@DJFreshSA & @euphonik will you ever acknowledge drugging me and further raping me? I was completed drugged. I don't know whether you both raped me or one of you did, and you later laughed about it the next morning saying we (me and three girls) were so drunk we kept blacking out but nasidlwengula," she wrote.According to TshisaLIVE, the woman opened a case on Thursday at Sunnyside Police Station in Pretoria. The paper also spoke to the acting CEO of Primedia Broadcasting, Geraint Crwys-Williams. Police spokesperson Capt Mavela Masondo confirmed the existence of the case to TshisaLIVE. “As per case the number you provided, I can confirm a case of rape was opened at Sunnyside police station and is under investigation. No arrests have been made,” he said. Both the DJs are radio DJs on 94.7, which is under Primedia. Euphonik hosts eUnite with Euphonik and Fresh co-hosts the drivetime show, #FreshOn97. “We take these matters extremely seriously and apply a rigorous, systematic internal process to assess them,” Geraint told TshisaLIVE. Primedia said later in a statement: "Primedia Broadcasting, DJ Fresh (Thato Sikwane) and Euphonik (Themba Nkosi) have reached a mutual decision for both DJs to step down from their roles at 94.7 to allow them to focus on addressing the recent allegations levelled against them. We welcome their approach in this matter and appreciate the manner in which they are managing a challenging situation." When Daily Sun tried to get hold of DJ Fresh his phone rang unanswered. Euphonik told the People's Paper that he doesn't speak to journalists and hung up the phone. He tweeted though in a combined statement: "In light of the serious allegations levelled against us we've decided to step away from all public work engagements until such time that this matter has been resolved and the law has taken its course." pic.twitter.com/pPZAoiLHE6 — Euphonik™? (@euphonik) January 16, 2021        