A dominant display by AmaZulu couldn’t break down Maritzburg United in a DStv Premiership clash at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium on Sunday. The home side threw everything to the visitors, through the sides, through the middle but Maritzburg held firm. The visitors were expected to be tight under an awkward coach Ernst Middendorp as the game ended to a goalless draw, though an entertaining one. While Usuthu showed their dominance display but it only showed in the 40th minute. Lehlohonolo Majoro crashed the upright following brilliant lay-off by Siyethemba Sithebe. It was the same thing in the second half. Majoro again had another great chance to put Usuthu ahead as he was clean through, but Jethren Barr spread his body big to deny him. However, McCarthy had seen enough as he hauled off Majoro and replaced him with Bongi Ntuli just after the hour mark. There was also a return of Siphesihle Maduna, who came on in place of Xola Mlambo. This is good news for coach McCarthy as both players this was the first time they were playing as they were troubled by foot injuries. Even coach McCarthy was all smile after the game, saying he has been dying to work with them. Both players were important last season, but Ntuli was their go-to guy with goals as he scored 13 of 20 goals the club scored last term. On the other hand, Judas Moseamedi, who scored twice against Kaizer Chiefs in Maritzburg’s previous game, worked hard and kept Usuthu’s defence busy, though he didn’t have a sight of goal. Usuthu continued to dominate the play and the visitors were pushed to camp into their half, with Maduna at the heart of it all. But it didn’t yield a positive result at the end as they are now without a win in three games. AmaZulu came to this having not beaten Maritzburg since 2014. The last time they got one over them was a 3-1 victory in March 2014 when Bongani Ndulula (two goals) and Goodman Dlamini were on target. Usuthu’s record in this tie is horrendous as they now have not beaten the Team of Choice in the nine league matches. One of those games that were hurtful to AmaZulu was the last game of the 2014-15 season. The Team of Choice won 2-1 at Moses Mabhida Stadium of which relegated Usuthu to the GladAfrica Championship.