The passing of musical icon Dr Sibongile Khumalo has left a void in the lives of many South Africans who loved her music. Jazz and Afro soul musician Thandiswa Mazwai, who was strongly influenced by her as a young child, took to social media to pay tribute to fallen icon. In her lengthy thread Thandiswa revealed she first saw MaNgoma, as she was affectionately known, when she was a student. “I was a young student at Wits and every year the campus would arrange a bus for students for go to the Grahamstown Arts Festival,” she said. “We would pack ourselves excitedly into that bus with heavy blankets in tow. We had learnt the hard way in previous years that Rhini’s cold would bite you on the bone.” “True to form, that year we arrived in Grahamstown to a cold digs with no real beds, but who cared? We were at the prime of our lives, living. No cold formed against us would prosper,” Thandiswa continued. She said they looked through the programme and knew they had to see Sibongile Khumalo among other great theatre, dance and live music shows. “I was obsessed with live music so we decided no matter what, we would not miss this show. It was the highlight of the festival,” she wrote. “On the night of the show a heavy mist hung over Rhini with an icy bite and a slight drizzle,” she said. ALSO READ | SPECIAL SEND OFF FOR JONAS GWANGWA She said MaNgoma was playing at a venue by the old train station and we they caught a ride from someone who could only take them so far, but not all the way. “We walked in the cold for what seemed like an eternity, certain that we were lost. But then an old disused locomotive train stood like hope in the distance and we went on. I remember being momentarily fascinated by its archaic presence as we arrived.” Thandiswa said when they got to the venue and she saw MaNgoma, she was wowed as she had never seen a black woman playing a violin. “Her playing felt like a mother’s touch or a lullaby when you are tired from the world,” she said as she described the atmosphere in the venue. “I had never felt this in such close proximity. Then she opened her mouth and sang. I was forever changed and forever a student at her feet.” Thandiswa said she will forever be grateful to music because it gave her a chance to meet her and as well as form a close relationship with her. She said because they had formed a close relationship, MaNgoma would listen to her albums before they would be released. “She would give me an honest and kind response. “She always made it seem like she was hearing something special. This propelled me to always try and impress her.” Thandiswa said another standout performance of hers was when she performed in Brooklyn, New York in the early 2000s. “She was precise and warm in her vocal stance. There was no one like her,” she said.