GOLDEN Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi says they won’t get ahead of themselves by setting targets that are unattainable, like winning the league title this season. Arrows are among three teams still unbeaten in the DStv Premiership this season, having won four matches with seven draws. The Lamontville-based side surpassed all expectations with a squad that consists of youngsters to occupy fourth spot on the league table with 19 points. Abafana Bes’thende maintained their record on Wednesday when they held Soweto giants Orlando Pirates to a goalless draw at Orlando Stadium. “I am cautious,” said Ncikazi. “I don’t want to be over ambitious and put players under pressure. In every four matches our target is a minimum of eight points and today we got our fourth point. When you add them at the end of season, then you know where it takes you. We don’t want to punch above our weight.” Ncikazi said his recipe for their impressive start is that he uses players according to their strength. “There is a choice. If you are a coach, you enter the fray believing what you want. If you want a 4-4-2 formation, you play it,” he added. “Arrows has short players with a lot of energy, but the fact that you went to university doesn’t mean all players went there. All I do is go to their level and that seems to be working.” Ncikazi is enjoying the respect he gets from players and members of his technical staff since being elevated from the role of assistant to be in charge following the departure of coach Steve Komphela to Mamelodi Sundowns. “Normally when you are assistant the challenge is can players see you as relevant? I am enjoying that responsibility to lead the team and I’ve given players freedom. But the rule is not to lose the ball in defence and we must be responsible in whatever we do.” The 51-year-old mentor hopes his lads will keep their fourth clean sheet when they face Cape Town City at Cape Town Stadium on Sunday (5pm). “We have three clean sheet, so we look at the positives even though we failed to score today,” he added.