HER BOY, NAMED OYENA, WAS SUCCESSFULLY BORN BY C-SECTION WHILE SHE WAS UNCONSCIOUS! Nosipho Nkantini (40) from Eerste River, Cape Town, gives all the glory to God and hospital staff. She was diagnosed when she was 25 weeks pregnant. Nosipho, a nurse, had to leave work to recover from Covid 19. In early December she developed symptoms. Her doctor didn’t suspect the virus and prescribed antibiotics. But she started struggling to breathe. “A rapid test came back negative, but I couldn’t breathe. My second test came back positive,” she said. She was transferred to Netcare N1 City Hospital and was placed in the hospital’s red zone dedicated to corona patients. The mum of two other kids said: “From then I can’t remember anything until I woke up days later, when I was told I’d suffered complications and my baby had been delivered by C-section.” SPERM IS A TEETH WHITENER! The hospital said after Nosipho was well enough to be discharged, her baby still required specialised life support and care in ICU. During her emergency admission her
contact details were unfortunately outdate. “I was too scared to phone. I’d convinced myself my baby had died. Christmas was terrible.” Social worker Ronel Grobler was enlisted to assist in reaching the baby’s mother. “When all else failed we contacted local police,” she said. Said Nosipho: “When cops arrived I thought my baby had died. “I couldn’t believe it when they told me my baby boy was fine.” END OF THE ROAD FOR ISIBAYA! She was overjoyed to meet her boy for the first time in the neonatal intensive care unit, three weeks after his birth on 17 December. “I was so happy but it was difficult not being able to hold him. Staff in ICU were saying he’s a miracle baby and hoped he’d soon grow strong enough so I could take him home,” she said. “I’m so grateful to all the doctors and hospital staff.” Dr Ricky Dippenaar, a neonatologist at the hospital, said Nosipho’s baby boy was born prematurely. “Thankfully, the tiny baby tested negative for Covid-19. He’s made good progress and taking full feeds and continues to gain weight.” He said many mums whose babies are in ICU experience double separation, which occurs when she can’t hold her baby and can no longer feel the baby inside of her.