MORE than 200 wanted suspects around Tshwane have been arrested during operation Okae Molao. Tshwane district commissioner Major-General Hilda Mohajane led members of the SAPS management and other law enforcement officials on an integrated operation Okae Molao in Swartzkop, Tshwane on Thursday. She said the purpose of the operation was to ensure compliance in terms of the Disaster Management Act since President Cyril Ramaphosa eased some of the lockdown regulations and ensure vehicles are roadworthy and adhering to traffic laws. She said they have issued more than 140 traffic fines which showed that people were not complying with the rules of the road. “We also looked at the issues of drugs because we have received a lot of complaints, especially in the areas such as Laudium. A lot of people are allegedly using drugs,” she said. She said four people were arrested for being in possession of drugs. The commissioner said they were also looking for unlicensed firearms. She said those who did not use the firearm amnesty provided by the government, which ended at the end of January, will find themselves in trouble with the law. She said among those who were arrested were those who were wanted for murder, theft and gender-based violence. She said by noon, 230 people were traced and arrested. “They will all appear in various courts around Tshwane,” she said. Mohajane said among the officials who were part of the operation were Prasa officials, who came to help identify any cables that might have been stolen from their facilities. “We know that during the festive season a lot of Prasa facilities were vandalised, so we need them to come identify if any of their cables are found during our search,” she said She said the Home Affairs officials were part of their operations and 10 undocumented foreigners were arrested after they could not be traced by the department. “We have processed them and if they don’t have the right papers, they will be deported back to their home countries,” she said.