THE SABC has made a ruling about the future of Ukhozi FM’s controversial presenter, Khathide “Tshatha” Ngobe. He has been taken off air until the end of March, following his comments on Facebook three weeks ago. In his Facebook post, he gave details of how he and Ukhozi FM management robbed Shwi Nomtekhala. “Actually in 2005, Shwi and Nomtekhala had won the competition. But due to certain reasons, Malaika was announced as the winners of the competition and Shwi Nomtekhala were put in the second place. ALSO READ: LISTENERS HAPPY ‘RUDE’ TSHATHA’S OFF AIR “Their song was so big and on another level, but there were also fears that people might not accept a maskandi song as a cross-over song. The entire nation was expecting their song to be announced as the Song of the Year but the management chose Malaika’s song over their song. “As a consolation for them, their song was played at least three times,” he wrote. Some of his Facebook fans warned him but he told them where to get off. Daily Sun broke the story, leading to Tshatha’s investigation. On Wednesday, acting SABC spokeswoman for SABC Mmoni Seapolelo said Tshatha was investigated and found guilty. She said he had no right to speak on behalf of Ukhozi FM or SABC. He also damaged the SABC’s reputation. “Khathide ‘Tshatha’ Ngobe took to social media to discuss SABC matters on a public platform without the permission of the organisation. The utterances made by Mr Ngobe were a transgression, which the organisation viewed in a serious light as they were damaging to the SABC’s reputation, particularly Ukhozi FM,” Seapolelo said. “Mr Ngobe took an unofficial position to speak on behalf of the organisation, mentioning the names of artists which the organisation respects and considers important stakeholders in the music industry,” she said. ALSO READ: NGIZWE WANTS TSHATHA BACK ON AIR! According to Seapolelo, Tshatha’s post created an impression that the station and broadcaster are corrupt. “His utterances were misconstrued, alleging vote-rigging by station management despite no public voting in that particular year,” Seapolelo said. She said the station’s management has concluded the matter with Tshatha. “A decision has been taken that Mr Ngobe will remain off air until the end of March 2021. Ngobe has also committed to making a public apology on his social media platforms today. Tshatha apologised on his Facebook page. “I humbly apologise for my post. I put the SABC’s name in disrepute. All the communication about SABC matters should come from SABC’s office and not from me as an employee. I therefore humble myself and apologise to my employer as well as Ukhozi FM,” he wrote. “I also apologise to the affected groups, Malaika as well as Shwi Nomtekhala. I also apologise to those whom I offended in that Facebook post. I’ve learned my lessons about commenting on social media,” he wrote.