KILLING of Uber and Bolt drivers condemned at wreath-laying
and memorial service of Garrison Snayers. People from all corners of Nelson Mandela Bay on Sunday
visited the spot where e-hailing taxi driver Garrison took his last breath. The 30-year-old father of two was ambushed and shot several
times by unknown suspects after completing a drop-off in Madala Street in New
Brighton last week Wednesday. Lindiwe Base (41) said "I was born in this street
something like this never happen before. This street used to be one of the
safest and peaceful streets in Port Elizabeth. As residents of this street, we
are still asking ourselves the question as to what happen in our kasi." Mayor Nqaba Bhanga said "The criminal who killed
Garrison they wanted to divide us by colour and race but today we are united.
The only thing we want is for them to rot in jail for their actions. "I'm proud of the people of New Brighton and Northern
Areas for showing love for each other. New Brighton is becoming dangerous and
we need to fight criminals we can't hold our arms while criminals are capturing
our City." "We can’t have city where ambulances can't access kasi
because of criminals. This is high time that we form anti-crime structures and
fight these criminals," said Bhanga  Garrison father Garreth said "It's high time that the
communities protect each other, today is my son tomorrow it will be someone
else child. Today I never knew that I would bury my child because normal it is
child that supposed to bury his or her parents.” "I never thought that this day will come because my son
was a very friendly person. He was working hard for his family and I'm very
hurt by this I don't know what to do or to say," he said. Captain Sandra Janse Van Rensburg said the motive for the
murder and the suspect is unknown at this stage. “Police are appealing to anyone who can assist with any
information to urgently contact Detective Captain Mskeli Dangazele at New
Brighton SAPS on 082 303 1029 or Crime Stop at 08600 10111.”