GAVIN Hunt just can’t seem to buy a win in the Soweto derby. The Kaizer Chiefs mentor has lost all three derbies he has been in charge of since joining the Glamour Boys. His counterpart, Josef Zinnbauer, has had his number this season in the iconic encounter. Bucs walloped Chiefs 5-0 over two legs in the MTN8 earlier this season before edging them 2-1 in their DStv Premiership meeting at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. Hunt was left wondering what else he needed to do to taste success in this fixture after his side were handed their fifth defeat, despite arguably being the better team on the day. Hunt’s charges dominated possession for the better part of the match and created more opportunities, but still ended up on the losing side. Bucs, on the other hand, were more efficient as they made their chances count whenever they were presented with scoring opportunities. Nevertheless, Hunt was still encouraged by his side’s performance despite the result. “I’m disappointed,” said Hunt. “We should have won the game. We had enough chances to win the game. It’s very disappointing that we have come out empty handed. “I thought we played very well. You know sometimes football just doesn’t go for you. We had many chances.” Hunt, who has had an up and down spell in charge of Amakhosi, is confident that his side will put their latest setback behind them quickly. Chiefs have recovered somewhat from their dreadful start to the season, but Hunt believes there is still a lot of work to be done before they turn the corner completely. The Glamour Boys have a week’s break before their next match against GladAfrica Championship side Richards Bay in the Nedbank Cup last-32 at the FNB Stadium on Sunday (5pm). “We have a bit of time to go back and fix a couple of things. It’s the first time we have had a bit of time,” added Hunt. “The loss was a step backwards for sure. Anytime you lose a football game it’s a step backwards. We dropped points so that’s not ideal. The morale also takes a bit of a knock when you lose. We need to get the players up again and go again. We will go again. I’m the type of person who never gets too high when we win and I never get too low when we lose. I try to just keep it even.”