FIVE suspects were arrested for hijacking in Nyanga in Cape Town, Western Cape. The suspects ordered an e-hailing service, only to rob the driver of his car and two cellphones. Colonel Andre Traut said the vigilance and swift response from the police led to the arrests. “The victim managed to jump out of the vehicle and flee after he was threatened with a knife,” said Traut. He said the victim flagged a police patrol down, and then accompanied the members in search of the suspects. “This led to the arrest of a 19-year-old suspect who was pointed out by the victim. The two cellphones robbed from the driver were found on him,” he said. Further investigations resulted in the arrest of four more suspects aged between 16 and 18. “All five suspects are expected to make their court appearance in Athlone once they have been charged. The hijacked vehicle has since been recovered,” Traut added. Resident Luyolo Nyalambisa said e-hailing drivers were being robbed almost every week. “I understand that the drivers want money, but I would advise them to stop coming to Philippi Browns Farm or Nyanga because they always get robbed,” said Nyalambisa. She said police officers could not do anything to stop this. “It is up to us as community members because we know the people who rob e-hailing drivers. We also know where they stay, but we are not willing to do anything about it,” she added. She said even though they needed the e-hailing services in their areas, they could not risk other people’s lives. “These drivers sometimes get killed by criminals as they have guns. So if drivers value their lives, they need to stop coming to this area and instead, cover other areas.” Another resident said criminals were making things difficult for them. “We need these e-hailing drivers as we cannot all go to the taxi rank. What these criminals are doing is wrong,” said the resident. He added that the community needed to chase them away every time they saw them in these hot-spot areas. “We know that they like waiting for these drivers next to the park. Why can’t we go there and chase them away?” the resident asked.