MAMELODI Sundowns might remain unbeaten in the league this season, but coach Manqoba Mngqithi believes they could have done better. The Brazilians are top in the DStv Premiership standings with 36 points after 16 league matches. They have won 11 games and drawn three times. They are two matches away from equaling their 2015 record of 18 matches unbeaten in the PSL. “We are excited about the number of games that we have played without a loss. To be honest, that is not our focus, our focus is on each game that comes to try and give a good account of ourselves,” Mngqithi said. “As to how many points we get at the end, we are unhappy even with the ones we have now. We believe we could have won the games against SuperSport United and Golden Arrows but for whatever reasons when you don’t get those results you feel bad but the truth of the matter is we are working very hard that in every match we play we not get carried away.” Goalkeeper Denis Onyango is one player who has been showered with praise by the coach. The Uganda international has managed to keep 11 clean sheets this season. And his efforts have not gone unnoticed as Mngqithi gave credit to him as well. He said: “The credit goes to Denis but the truth of the matter I think as a group we are working very hard together to make sure that we keep positive results for the team. As to how long how far we will go with it (the unbeaten run), is very difficult to tell. “But we will just keep plugging away in every match. With the assistance of all the coaches that we are working with, we are not fixed in playing the same way and looking at football the same way.” The 10 times league champions were scheduled to play in the Caf Champions League against Algeria’s CR Belouizdad, however, their match was cancelled due to the concerns over numbers of Covid-19 cases in Mzansi. They will now return to local action on Saturday when they face GladAfrica Championship side Polokwane City in the Nedbank Cup last-16 at Lucas Moripe Stadium 3pm.