THEODORA Luthuli, the principal of Inkwenkwezi Edu-care Centre in Nyanga township in Cape Town, said she didn’t know why criminals hated her so much. This after they robbed her centre two days in a row. “They robbed my place on Tuesday and came back on Wednesday. They came back again on Thursday but found someone there,” said Luthuli. She shared that she didn’t know what she was going to use when the school opened because they had taken everything, from mattresses and chairs to bowls and curtains. “I think when robbing my place, they realised that they could not take everything at once. That is why they kept coming back so they could take everything. What they are doing is wrong. They are destroying our children’s future,” added Luthuli. The criminals stole more than 40 chairs, 15 mattresses, microwaves and 10 comforters. “I am urging anyone who might see them selling these goods to contact me, and for other edu-care centre managers not to buy stolen goods. I am certain that they are going to sell my things to one of the centres,” she added. Inkwenkwezi, which was established in 1997, now has 100 kids. “They also took two dustbins to carry what they had stolen. I am lost for words because it is clear that their mission was to take everything. I am shattered,” added Luthuli. A resident said criminals usually stole goods after finding buyers. “As a community, we need to stand up for one another. It is clear that the criminals who stole from Inkwenkwezi already had clients. They knew what they wanted. We just need to find the buyer,” said the resident. Another resident Sindiswa Mda said criminals committed robbery because they knew that nothing would happen to them. “They know that cops won’t arrest them.” She added that the person who would be found with these stolen goods needed to be taught a good lesson. Luthuli didn’t open a case because this was not the first robbery at the centre. “Cops are not helping me, which is why I decided not to open a case.” Nyanga SAPS Brigadier Vuyisile Ncata advised Luthuli to open the case. “If the SAPS didn’t assist her, she has a right to report us to our superior because it is everyone’s right to be assisted when going to the police station.”