Ivermectin can now be used by medical
practitioners to treat Covid-19 without having to wait for the outcome of an
application to use the drug - if treatment is needed urgently. The concession was made an order of the
Gauteng High Court in Pretoria on Tuesday after an interim settlement was
reached between, on the one side, general practitioner Dr George Coetzee, two
of his patients, AfriForum, and, on the other side, the South African Health
Products Regulatory Authority (Sahpra). The legal challenge was launched in January
with the intention of legalising the use of ivermectin to treat Covid-19
patients and allowing doctors to do so at their own direction. Sahpra applied for a postponement and
subsequently announced it will allow for the use of the drug in exceptional
circumstances, in a controlled, compassionate access programme, through the use
of a Section 21 application. Sahpra finally accepted demands for the use of
ivermectin to treat Covid-19 but said doctors would have to apply and be approved
before being allowed to use the drug for their patients. In terms of the Medicines and Related
Substances Control Act, a Section 21 application is the process used to apply
for the prescription of medicine not registered for human use in South Africa. However, in the interim settlement agreement
doctors, in some cases, will now be able to start ivermectin treatment as soon
as a Section 21 application has been made, without having to wait for the
outcome on the application. This will be allowed in cases where doctors
deem it urgent and crucial to treat a patient using the drug. News24 previously reported that in court
papers, the applicants indicated that three applications had been submitted to
Sahpra. The applicants said the applications should have been processed within
24 to 72 hours but they had not received any response and one of the patients
had since died. Sahpra has been hesitant to allow the use of
the drug for Covid-19 treatment, arguing that there was not enough clinical
evidence to promote its use. While an agreement has been reached, the
parties are still set to meet in court to argue the right of doctors and
pharmacists to compose medicine according to article 14(4) of the Medicines and
Related Substances Control Act. This involves the right to administer medicine
as medical professionals deem necessary. This part of the application will be placed on
the normal court roll and parties will be allowed to approach the Deputy Judge
President for a court date. A case by the ACDP, which has a similar
application, will be heard together with the AfriForum matter. Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize, who was also
cited as a respondent, has filed a notice to abide by the court's decision on
the pending application, which will still be argued in court. AfriForum has touted this as a breakthrough
victory as doctors can now decide to proceed with treatment using their own
judgment and would not have to wait for an application to approved in urgent
cases. "The hurdle of pre-authorisation is no
longer an issue. It is an important first step in our effort to ensure access
to ivermectin," head of research at AfriForum Barend Uys said following
the court order. "I am thankful for the assurance the
court order gives that doctors can use their clinical judgement to commence
ivermectin treatment when access to it is urgent," Coetzee said.