Orlando Pirates and Cape Town City will meet in a 2020-21 DStv Premiership match at Orlando Stadium on Tuesday. Kick-off is at 5pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Pirates’ last home match in the league saw them claim a 2-1 win over Soweto rivals Kaizer Chiefs at the end of January, with Thembinkosi Lorch and Siphesihle Ndlovu getting their names on the score sheet for the hosts. The Buccaneers have claimed 14 points from eight home matches this season. Aside from the Amakhosi, they have also beaten SuperSport United and Chippa United as hosts in the current campaign. Pirates beat lower division outfit Uthongathi FC 1-0 in the Nedbank Cup this past weekend, having seen their unbeaten run in the league come to an end with a 2-0 loss away to Golden Arrows a few days prior. “We have to work with what we have. I am happy that [Gabadinho] Mhango scored. But he sustained an injury and I hope he is available for the Cape Town City game. I hope that the [other] injured players return,” said Pirates head coach Josef Zinnbauer in build-up to Tuesday's fixture. “It was not a good game [against Uthongathi] for us. We created opportunities but lacked the killer instinct. We should have scored an early goal to be able to breathe. But we take the win and progress to the next round. The win is important for us but I am not happy with the performance.” City played to a fifth draw of the season when they were held 1-1 away to Baroka FC on January 31, with Bradley Ralani scoring their opening goal of the match. The Citizens have claimed 12 points from seven away matches this season, with their only defeat on the road coming against Swallows FC in January. The Cape club are the league's leading goalscorers (26 goals in 14 matches) and head to Orlando on the back of a 4-0 win over Bloemfontein Celtic in the Nedbank Cup, in a match in which Tashreeq Morris bagged a second-half hat-trick. “It’s always great to have momentum and ride the wave but it’s important for us not to take our foot off the pedal. It’s vital to keep going," said City midfielder Thabo Nodada, who recently penned a contract extension at the club. "I think we need to use the magnitude of the game to our advantage. I think naturally we go to another level when we face these big teams but this time it’s also a jostle for a higher position on the log with them. They’ve had some mixed results so it’s a tricky way to face them. "We’ve been playing well, scoring goals, conceding less. My focus is to help my team. I want to prove a point every time I step onto the pitch, against every opponent I face. Pirates will be no exception." In head-to-head stats, Pirates and City have met in nine league matches since the 2016-17 season. The Cape side has claimed two wins compared to one for the Buccaneers, while six games have been drawn. The Soweto side is unbeaten at home in the rivalry, with one win and three draws from four turns as hosts. When the teams met earlier this season, at Danie Craven Stadium in December 2020, they played out a 2-2 draw: City led twice through goals from Mduduzi Mdantsane and Abbubaker Mobara, but Pirates hit back through a Vincent Pule brace.