ARE former president Jacob Zuma’s tea parties going to implode the ANC? Or are these parties solidifying a comeback strategy? It’s not crystal clear for now but something is definitely brewing in Nkandla as more ANC structures sympathetic to Zuma line up to visit Nkandla for tea with the former president. The latest to visit Zuma are his staunch allies, the MKMVA. The floodgates were opened by Zuma’s old foe, EFF leader Julius Malema, who was joined by ANC senior leader and conficted fraudster Tony Yengeni and Ekurhuleni Mayor Mzwandile Masina, who is said to have been the organiser. The involvement of Malema muddies the water but he sure did get the ball rolling. The ANC KZN leadership has now revealed that it met Zuma, who explained his reasons for defying the Constitutional Court order for him to present himself to the Zondo Commission. It seems the ANC in KZN has accepted Zuma’s explanation, judging by its tone. It has warned that jailing Zuma could have disastrous implications for the ANC as it will impact its unity and cohesion. This stance seems to have emboldened the Radical Economic Transformation (RET) forces, who are said to be mobilising support for Zuma and ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule. Magashule is expected back in the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court on Friday, 19 February to face corruption charges. It remains to be seen if Msholozi will be there to support his ally. Details of how many branches are behind the planned national movement to rally behind the two leaders have not been revealed yet, but Ethekwini is the biggest region of the ANC. Flyers have been circulating, mobilising for Magashule’s support. And while all of this is unfolding, the ANC has remained mum. Why was the ANC not the first to meet Zuma after he announced his defiance, and not Malema? At least the ANC in KZN has now appealed to the top six to at least have tea with Zuma to find some common ground. But the elephant in the room remains – what is being discussed in these tea parties? Some have speculated that in the case of Malema and Zuma party, it was a case of two people worried about their fate as law enforcement authorities clamp down on corruption. There have been unconfirmed rumours that the Zuma’s faction is planning a split. But is there really an appetite for that as it has proven difficult for other splinter groups to shake the governing party. Does the RET really have the numbers to shake the ANC? Are some of them, serving in Cabinet, willing to give up their well-paying jobs and those perks? It’s a tough call.