NEARLY 1 000 people who occupied an old hospital building in Woodstock said they would have to go to court as the City of Cape Town threatened to evict them. The group forcibly occupied the hospital in 2017, and has refused to vacate it. Cape Town Mayor Dan Plato said the city would ask the court for an eviction in order for the place to be developed for housing purposes. “We hope that people will move from the property voluntarily because the development of social housing at Woodstock Hospital is not possible unless all illegal occupants vacate the site. If needs be, the city will pursue eviction proceedings subject to lockdown regulations,” he said. This move, Plato said, would enable the city to proceed with the social housing plan at that site. He also said the city was using resources to deploy law enforcement officials and security at the place as occupants were in constant breach of by-laws “The surrounding community also deserves an urgent end to the constant breach of the city’s by-laws and other crime at the property, that has necessitated an increased law enforcement presence in addition to the unsustainable R400 000 security cost each month,” he said. Bevil Lucas from the Reclaim the City NGO that initiated the occupation said the city was not engaging them for a way forward. He said they would wait to be served with an eviction notice that they would then challenge in court. Lucas said the city could develop the place in stages, and must consult them. “At the moment, the city’s view is that we are illegal here; we are invaders and they cannot talk to invaders. We have invited them to come and engage with us. We have never been opposed to engaging nor taken a stance to say what we want is only what we want. That is not meaningful engagement,” he said. He said the building was abandoned for 20 years, and they cleaned and made it habitable. Instead of evicting everyone, Lucas said the development must be done in stages. “Because of the size of the development, there should be incremental development; it cannot be all at one go. You can move people and develop a section, and then move people back and move others out. The incremental nature of the development is quite critical, and can only happen with consultation and negotiation,” said Lucas.