NORTH West medical doctor, Sello Ntsoko, has for the first time spoken out publicly about the betrayal and alleged dishonesty he suffered under former Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) chairman Masala Mulaudzi. Ntsoko was in front of the queue in his quest to buy the forever-in-trouble DStv Premiership side. Negotiations between him and Mulaudzi were at an advanced stage before Mulaudzi made an about-turn and sold the club to unknown Limpopo businessman, Ditonkana Sello. Ntsoko feels hard done by Mulaudzi’s business dealings as he was busy sorting out some matters regarding the buying of the club. He said he was shocked when an announcement was made that the club had been sold to Sello of Protoscape 202 CC. “Anyway, life must go on. No hard feelings,” said Ntsoko yesterday. A source close to Ntsoko, who refused to be identified, took SunSport through the entire process and how Mulaudzi became “unfair” to them. “I was with Dr Ntsoko when he first met Mulaudzi and his team of advisors at the Holiday Inn Garden Court in Hatfield on a Friday evening,” said Ntsoko’s ally. “We spoke and we outlined what we wanted to do and structured how the whole transaction will work, with a portion of the money going into the trust account. “But firstly we wanted him to come clean with all the debts of the club. And came an issue that he spoke to Buhle Mkhwanazi who wanted R2,5 million, the Oupa Manyisa issue was a labour matter, the Vladislav Heric issue (R5m damages) was not raised by Mulaudzi. “Then I advised Dr Ntsoko to demand payslips of all staff members, including players and technical team, the whole payroll. “That is when we realised from the payroll that some players’ salaries were not paid. We then requested a second meeting with him and his advisors to seek clarity on other matters. “The representatives of the SA Players Union (Safpu) –Tebogo Munyai and Thulaganyo Gaoshubelwe – were part of that meeting. It was to get clarity and understanding if there were other issues with CONTINUED ON PAGE 14