EXACTLY 31 years ago today, on 11 February 1990, Mzansi’s beloved Tata Nelson Mandela walked out of prison and into the sunshine. After serving 27 years in jail, the man who had played his part in the struggle for freedom against the oppressive apartheid regime, was a free man. The iconic pictures of Mandela and Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, with their fists clenched, were splashed in newspapers and television screens around the world as he emerged from the Victor Verster Prison in the Western Cape. Millions were glued to their screens locally and internationally as Mandela was driven away to Cape Town, where he was to make his first public speech at the Grand Parade. For many, it was the first time they caught a glimpse of the world famous prisoner, whose pictures had been suppressed for all those years. It is said that Madiba didn’t have his reading glasses, and had borrowed Madikizela-Mandela’s so he could read the speech that he delivered flanked by Walter Sisulu and now President Cyril Ramaphosa. This as the crowd roared: ANC! ANC! ANC! “On this day of my release, I extend my sincere and warmest gratitude to the millions of my compatriots and those in every corner of the globe who have campaigned tirelessly for my release,” he said. He thanked the people of Cape Town. “Your mass marches and other forms of struggle have served as a constant source of strength to all political prisoners.” Madiba thanked the workers, fellow ANC leaders, churches and then president FW de Klerk, whom he said had gone further than any other nationalist president in taking real steps to normalise the situation. “There are further steps as outlined in the Harare Declaration that have to be met before negotiations on the basic demands of our people can begin,” he said, calling for the immediate ending of the state of emergency, and freeing of all political prisoners. The address would be the beginning of many more speeches he would deliver as he visited cities and towns. The celebrations of his release reached fever pitch two days later when thousands packed Orlando Stadium to listen to the man who had given his life to free them from apartheid. The ANC was already using Mandela, the man who would become the first black president, to campaign for the national election. They were eventually held in April 1994, and the ANC won with a two-thirds majority. World leaders rejoiced at the release of Mandela. Then Zambian President Kenneth Kaunda said his first reaction to the news of Mandela’s release was to kneel down and thank God. “We must believe in the leadership of the people of South Africa. We welcome Nelson Mandela back into our midst with great joy,” Kaunda was quoted as saying. Leaders from the US, Britain and Russia echoed the same sentiments. The country began, in earnest, the process of becoming a democratic state, but that day was reserved only for celebration and joy.