IT IS nearly a week since the first group of healthcare workers were vaccinated against Covid-19. More than 10 000 healthcare workers were successfully vaccinated by the end of Saturday, said the Department of Health. The department said following productive discussions with stakeholders from the private sector, one third of all vaccine doses available were allocated for private healthcare workers through the Sisonke Programme launched last week. “This means that one third of the first 80 000 vaccines will be allocated to the private sector over the next 14 days,” said the department. “All healthcare workers, irrespective of where they work, need to be vaccinated. “This is critical and is aligned with the national prioritisation framework for Phase 1 of the national vaccine roll-out programme.” The department said despite limited planning time, more than 3 000 healthcare workers from the private sector had been vaccinated. The Johnson & Johnson vaccine provides 57% protection against moderate-severe disease, 85% protection against severe disease and 100% protection against death, based on evidence from the clinical trials that included South African participants. “The confidence by healthcare workers in the vaccine and the protection it offers is evident in the queues and higher- than-planned demand from doctors and nurses across the country,” said the statement. “There are a number of process-related issues the Department of Health, private sector partners and the Sisonke Programme team are working towards resolving in real-time to alleviate the wait times. “We’re confident that our partnership across public and private sectors will help to overcome these short-term process challenges and result in us being able to protect many healthcare workers in a shorter period of time. “We’re fully committed to protecting the vulnerable healthcare workers who’ve sacrificed so much over the past year in putting themselves in the front line. They’ve dealt with so much loss, pain and tragedy and we see their desire to be vaccinated as an expression of their hope, confidence and optimism.”