  FORMER president Jacob Zuma thinks he is above the law. That’s according to a statement released by the Zondo Commission on Tuesday night. “It seems that Zuma considers himself to be above the law and Constitution. The commission reiterates that everyone is equal before the law. This constitutional guarantee must be given effect to,” said the commission’s secretary Itumeleng Mosala. He was responding to Zuma’s statement on Monday saying he had decided not to obey the summons issued by the commission, requiring him to appear before it from 15 to 19 February. Zuma proudly said he would defy the order of the Constitutional Court compelling him to appear before chairman of the commission Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo. “The Constitution expressly provides that an order or decision issued by a court binds all persons to whom it applies. Therefore, Zuma is, in terms of the Constitution, expressly bound by the order of the Constitutional Court,” said Mosala. He said Zuma’s decision to defy the order of the country’s highest court and summons of the commission was completely unacceptable in a constitutional democracy. “This is particularly so when the person making such a decision is a former president of the country who should be exemplary in upholding the rule of law and the Constitution. (It is to be noted that, while Zuma refuses to comply with the Constitution and obey the order of the Constitutional Court on the one hand, he continues to enjoy the benefits that the Constitution grants to all former presidents in terms of his pension and other benefits paid for by the taxpayers),” he said. Mosala said Zuma’s decision not to testify would deny the commission an opportunity to get comprehensive responses from him to a lot of evidence that placed him at the centre of state capture allegations. He said Zondo had asked him to lay a criminal complaint against Zuma. He said in terms of one of the summonses issued, Zuma was required to appear before on dates mentioned above. “As already indicated, the order of the Constitutional Court compels Zuma to comply with that summons by appearing before the commission and answering questions that may be put to him. Should he carry out his decision not to appear and, therefore, act in breach of the summons and in contempt of the order of the Constitutional Court, the commission will announce on that day what further action it will take in regard to such conduct,” said Mosala.