WELL-KNOWN former Eastern Cape chairperson of the Economic Freedom Fighters, Themba Wele, and four others, will know whether they will be granted bail on Wednesday after their bail application was postponed at the East London Magistrates Court on Monday. Wele and his co-accused allegedly sold plots on Greydell Farm, which belongs to the national Department of Public Works and Infrastructure. Wele, a former leader of the EFF in the Eastern Cape who now champions Mmusi Maimane’s One SA Movement in the Eastern Cape, was caught in a joint intelligence operation led by the Hawks and the police. In a statement released earlier this month, police spokesman Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana said the group sold plots illegally to willing illegal occupiers. He said information was that the suspects sold plots for R15 000 each up to December 2020 and the price increased to R20 000 per plot from January 2021. The operation to arrest the accused took place between January 20 and January 27. They were arrested for fraud. The investigation team recovered thousands of rands shared among the accused and two vehicles were seized. In court on Monday, their legal representatives argued for their release, citing it was in the interest of justice that they be released. A petition, signed by 153 people living in Airport Park near the East London Airport, where Wele also resides, was handed over to Magistrate Linda Magaxeni to justify their release. In the petition it was mentioned that the arrest of the accused persons, who are all in the executive committee of the community leadership, had come as a shock to the community and they should be released. “We understand the allegations are serious and are politically motivated. With their absence we are left without direction,” read the petition. Sipho Klaas, representing Wele, said the petition was an indication that the community of Airport Park had no problem in the accused being released on bail. Klaas told Magaxeni the accused will not interfere with the investigation and will not intimidate witnesses when they have been released on bail. Klaas asked Magaxeni to consider the financial loss that the accused may suffer as a result of their incarceration. “If the accused are released on bail they are unlikely to interfere with the investigation, because statements have already been taken from the witnesses. They (the accused) are community leaders of these witnesses. The land in question belongs to the Department of Public Works,” said Klaas. In July last year, hundreds of people were evicted by the Department of Public Works which demolished 70 houses, shacks and temporary structures. The case was postponed until Wednesday for judgment.