ORLANDO Pirates have received what on paper appears a tricky group in the Caf Confederation Cup group stage fixture. Pirates were paired in Group A with Nigerian giants Enyimba FC, Algeria's ES Setif and Libyan side Ali Benghazi. The Soweto giants strolled into the group stages, winning all their matches without conceding a goal in three matches. They beat Angolan side GD Sagrada Esperanca 0-1 in the first round, first leg. However, Esperanca declined to play the second leg in Mzansi due to the threat of the Covid-19. In the play-offs, Bucs made the lightweight of Botswana side Jwaneng Galaxy. In the first leg, Pirates won 3-0 in Gaborone. They completed the formality of this tie by winning 1-0 at Orlando Stadium on Sunday to win both legs by 4-0 aggregate. Pirates last time played in this competition they reached the final in 2015 but lost (2-1 on aggregate) to Etoile du Sahel of Tunisia. If they wish to go one further, they will have to beat Setif who are one of the successful clubs in Morocco having won the league eight times. They won the Champions League in 1988 and also in 2014. They are also familiar to many South Africans, too. When Sundowns won the Champions League in 2016, they faced them in the Champions League group stages. Sundowns won 2-0 away but the game was overshadowed by terrible scenes in the stands. In turn, Caf threw them out of the group stages. Interestingly, Enyimba was also in that group. Just like Setif, the Nigerian side have won the Champions League twice in 2003 and 2004 when Vincent Enyeama was part of the side.Meanwhile, Benghazi are yet to make a mark in any Caf club competition but this will not be the first time they will face a South African team. They previously played against Sundowns and the Tshwane giants thrashed them 4-0 on aggregate to progress to the 2019 group stages of the Champions League. The Confed Cup group stages matches will be played on 10 and 17 March, 4, 11, 21 and 28 April. The quarter finals will be played on 16 - 23 May. Both semis will be on 20 and 27 June. The final will be on 10 July.