THE BROKEN man phoned Daily Sun to complain about being forced to pay cash to get grant money at the Evaton Post Office. Everybody knows recipients don’t pay a R100 “fee” to get help. THE PEOPLE’S PAPER WENT TO SEE IF DESPERATE PEOPLE WERE BEING ROBBED! READ: COPS HUNT ZINHLE'S HUSBAND! When the SunTeam arrived at the Evaton Post Office on Thursday, 18 February, the thieves were sitting at the entrance. The Sun Reporter told them shewas there to collect her R350 and had missed her date because of the long queue the day before. They said it was no problem, she needed to make a copy of her ID and they’d speak to officials inside! “You need to pay R100 after getting your money,” they warned her. One of the men led the team to the gate to show me where to make copies. When he went inside the team gave him the slip. The man who called us, Nigel Lehasa (49), said when he went to get his Covid-19 relief grant in January at the Evaton Post Office in the Vaal, the queue was cut and he was told to return the next day. When he went back the guys at the entrance told him he’d have to speak to the guys inside and pay R100 for being helped after he received his grant. Nigel went to speak to the manager but was referred back to the men at the entrance. “I was hoping the guys inside had nothing to do with it,” he said. He went back on Monday, 22 February so as to get help from other employees. “When I told one of them about my problem she said it was none of her business.” Magdalene Mahlangu (39) had the same experience when she went to collect a child grant. She paid the fee. She needed the money. ALSO READ: HOW STAR BLEW HIS MONEY! Mum Nontsikelelo Dladla (25) refused to pay. When she complained she was told to stop being dramatic. Matshepo Mokoena (29) paid. “Corruption in South Africa is really bad. They want money from people who really need it,” she said. Post office spokesman Johan Kruger said: “If you become aware of such a practice, you can report it to our hotline on 0800 020 070, or on our Twitter and Facebook accounts,” he said. Opening a case of bribery and corruption with the police is another option. “Please collect as much evidence as you can without being seen. A video on a cellphone, for example, will be perfect evidence,” he said. Captain Kay Makhubele said no cases had been reported so far. “Residents must come forward with any info that could help put perpetrators behind bars,” he said. 