Cape Town City will look to break their winless streak in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season when they host high-flying Swallows FC at Cape Town Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Kick-off is at 3:30pm CAT (SA, GMT+2) City suffered a second successive league loss and saw their winless streak move to three matches when they were beaten 2-1 away to SuperSport United on February 13. The Citizens have claimed 11 points from seven home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 4-2 win over Golden Arrows in January. "I am not happy, we lost two valuable games and now we are facing a team that is unbeaten in the league and it will be a mountain to climb," said City midfielder Thato Mokeke. "We really need the points and we will give it our best. City boast the best offensive record in the division (27 goals) but have conceded the most (25 goals), something that worries Mokeke who says that the defensive responsibilities within the team doesn't solely rest on the defenders' soldiers. "It is not only the defence, it is the team as a whole. Whenever we lose possession we need to work harder. We have been scoring a lot of goals but we need to start protecting our defenders. We need to stop conceding silly goals, we have conceded the most goals in the league this season and that is worrying. That is something we need to fix," Mokeke added. Swallows extended their unbeaten start to the league season to 15 matches – but played to a fourth successive draw – when they were held 0-0 at home by AmaZulu on February 14. The Birds have claimed 14 points from eight away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 1-1 draw at SuperSport United in late January.. Swallows last lost a game in March 2020 while still campaigning in the GladAfrica Championship and currently sit seven points behind league leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. "It's two points dropped [versus AmaZulu] as we played at home. But we are still unbeaten. If you can't win you must not lose. We take a point. It will be amazing to go the whole year without losing a game," said Swallows head coach Brandon Truter. "The boys are growing, it is work in progress. We are still a new team in the top flight and I think people forget that. We are improving with every game. City are a team that plays beautiful football, we need to work on scoring, finishing and creating." In head-to-head stats, City and Swallows have met in just one previous top-flight league match. That encounter took place earlier this season, at Dobsonville Stadium in January 2021, with the Birds winning 3-2 thanks to a brace from Ruzaigh Gamildien and a header from Junaid Sait. -SuperSport