EUGENE Mthethwa and Ringo Madlingozi have vowed to stay at the Southern African Music Rights Organisation (SAMRO) offices until their demands are met. This after the two musicians started occupying the offices yesterday, demanding to meet with top management to discuss the payment of royalties. Eugene shared that he had been fighting the royalty battle since 1998. He said although he did not know the exact amount SAMRO owed him and other members of kwaito group Trompies, he was certain it was millions. ALSO READ: MANAKA’S BACK ON GENERATIONS SET! “SAMRO has crap administration. When you check its list of songs, you find one song appearing 11 times with the singer pronounced differently. That affects the singer’s royalty payments,” he said. He further said SAMRO also wanted to skip the years from 1998. “It wants to start payments from 2014 to 2020, which is not right. The organisation does not care about artists, and it is full of uninformed management. I have chained myself because I’m fighting for all artists. Our artists talk but there is no action. They should also be here because they have the same problem with SAMRO,” he added. Eugene Mthethwa and @ndiyagodola are STILL at SAMRO. We’re going on day two for a simple simple matter! @the_dti do something! pic.twitter.com/WY4Xb8ezoM  Ringo said they would not go away until management met with them. “Yesterday, only three people from SAMRO came to see us. They offered Eugene R13 000 but he refused to take it. SAMRO must do what’s right. We don’t have money because it is stuck here,” he said. It seems like Mthethwa is fighting a losing battle as SAMRO has condemned his action. The organisation says Mthethwa's strike is regrettable. SAMRO CEO Mark Rosin said they confirm Mthethwa's complaint about his royalty calculations but then said that they have tried in numerous occasions using the management and board members to address his concerns. "It is impossible to deal with the issue Mthethwa has raised over the years where there was no willingness by Mr. Mthethwa to resolve the matter other than this way. We have processes that apply to all our members and in our ongoing calls for transparency, we will not circumvent these processes for an individual," Rosin said in a statement. He further accused Mthethwa of gaining access to SAMRO funds fraudulently and said that they fired him for that. But he was later reinstated by board members. "However, we now sit with an outstanding amount due to us by Mr. Mthethwa which his royalty earnings get off-set against the balance. It is not a desirable situation for either party but we have had to deal with the matter through the courts. Contrary to Mthethwa’s claims, SAMRO pays royalties regularly and over the last two days has paid over R60 million to local composers and publishers, a payment, widely welcomed," said Rosin.   