HEALTH Minister Zweli Mkhize said the expiry date of the AstraZeneca vaccine was not discovered by accident. He said it was picked up through the quality assurance and protocols that were done after the vaccine batches landed last week. Mkhize was addressing the public concerns on Wednesday, 10 February, after the government was publicly slammed for allegedly not checking the expiry date before the batches were flown into the country. Mkhize said: “There are concerns in the public domain about the expiry date of the received AstraZeneca vaccine batches. The vaccines have not expired.” “In addition, in keeping with the original vaccination plan, if the Department of Health were to proceed with the AstraZeneca vaccine roll-out, the doses would be used up by the expiry date. Furthermore, the 30 April 2021 expiry date was not discovered by accident, but through the implementation of our quality assurance and control protocols,” said the minister. The AstraZeneca vaccine was also found to be less effective against the current 501Y.V2, which led to the roll out of the jabs to health workers being put on hold. However, there’s light at the end of the tunnel for health workers who are patiently waiting to get vaccinated as government plans to roll out the Johnson & Johnson vaccine soon. Mikhize said: “Given the outcomes of the efficacy studies, the Department of Health will continue with the planned phase one vaccination using the Johnson & Johnson vaccine instead of the AstraZeneca vaccine. “The Johnson & Johnson vaccine has been proven effective against the 501Y.V2 variant and the necessary approval processes for use in South Africa are underway.” The minister also announced there are plans to secure other forms of Covid-19 vaccines which are used throughout the world. “In addition, the country has also secured doses from Pfizer for phase one roll-out. Our scientists are continuing to evaluate other candidates and we are simultaneously engaging manufactures. “We are in advanced stages of evaluating and engaging the manufacturers of the Sputnik-V candidate. Engagements with Sinopharm also continue with an offer made by China currently being considered.”