MAMELODI Sundowns are set to open the chequebook yet again, this time to recruit Divine Lungu and Martin Assomo. The Brazilians have targeted Lungu from Golden Arrows to fortify their defence and add another string to their attack bow with Assomo from Cameroonian. Talks are understood to be at an advanced stage to land both Assomo and Lungu, though is it unlikely the Zimbabwean international will arrive at Chloorkop before the end of the current season. “He (Lungu) is a long-term recruit, though Sundowns want to finalise the deal now,” said a source. The treble winners have already brought in defender Rushine de Reuck from Maritzburg United. But according to Downs co-coach Rulani Mokwena, the new-recruit is unlikely to play against Stellenbosch FC in the Nedbank Cup opener today. The Tshwane giants begin the quest to defend their Nedbank title when they host Stellies at Loftus Versfeld (5pm), in the shortened version of what is regarded as the English FA Cup. Mokwena has explained the rotation policy was no place, spelling bad news for the bench warmers. “We don’t have a standing principle in relation to squad rotation. “ I think at this moment in time, one of the most important things for us and even most teams are that we need a little bit more consistency with the line-ups so that the team cohesion can improve,” Mokwena added. “We are trying to have the same players in a couple of games to try and have consistency because the reality is, because of the circumstances we are in relation to society is that we cannot have the same players on the pitch in consecutive matches. We will see how the squad presents itself because we have so much quality regarding its depth. “Even though we may look to give opportunities to some players, the important thing is to continue building momentum and we continue to work towards improving our telepathy and try to develop what I term cohesive superiority.” The winelands boys, however, don’t talk about cohesive superiority and rotation policies. They will look to the talking on the pitch, chasing their first-ever win against their illustrious opponents.