FORMER Proteas pace bowler Dale Steyn has hinted at a possible return to the national team fold. At 37, Steyn is not a spring-chicken. But he has drawn inspiration from the likes of the American football player, Tom Brady, who at 43, won the Super Bowl with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last week. In fact, he still harbours World Cup ambitions, eyeing the T20 World Cup which takes place in India later this year. “I’d just like to win a T20 World Cup. Hell, I’d settle for South Africa winning any World Cup whether I’m playing or not. But if I’m bowling well enough – and I feel like I am at the moment – then I want to go to another tournament and fight for that trophy,” Steyn told the Daily Maverick. His last appearance for the Proteas came in the T20I clash against Australia exactly a year ago, having retired from Test career in 2019. But he has demonstrated ambitions to play T20 cricket again. “I’m still available for South Africa. I haven’t retired. I may be 37, but if I went back into the South African team right now, I’d still outrun and out-bowl anyone,” Steyn continued. “Look at Tom Brady dominating at the age of 43. He still has a passion for American football and he’s still playing flat out. I may not have a national contract, but in a way, that’s allowed me to live flat out, whether I’m skating, surfing or playing cricket.” The former Titans fast bowler has decided to sit out this year’s Indian Premier League, having last played featured for the Royal Challengers Bangalore last year. “These days I put my name forward for competitions where I can have that opportunity to be the front-runner,” he said. “Who knows, maybe I will still be playing at the age of 43 like Tom Brady? Maybe someone will come to me and offer me a million dollars to play in the IPL as their No 1 bowler? “My cricket has reached a certain level and I’d just like to see if someone can help me take it a bit further. I’ve identified him as someone who can potentially do that, perhaps in an IPL environment.”