THE first half of the season might not have gone exactly according to plan for DStv Premiership rookies TS Galaxy but they are confident that they can redeem themselves. The Mpumalanga outfit have spent the bulk of the season so far battling among relegation candidates in the bottom half of the log. The arrival of former Orlando Pirates and Highlands Park coach Owen Da Gama, however, seems  to have sparked a resurgence from the Rockets in recent matches. They are slowing climbing up the table and have now amassed 15 points from their 14 matches so far in their debut campaign in the top-flight. They are unbeaten in their last three league matches, picking up seven points out of a possible nine to climb up to 11th on the log. The Rockets are now just three points away from the top eight, which would be great achievement for a newly promoted side. In their pursuit of that top eight finish, the 2019 Nedbank Cup Champions have bolstered their squad with versatile defender Pogiso Sanoka. The 28-year-old penned a two-year-deal with the Rockets on transfer deadline and Da Gama is delighted with the addition. “I’ve known Sanoka now for quite some years,” said Da Gama. “He has always been a fantastic player and is very versatile. He can play in different positions. He  brings height into our team.” Sanoka will be hoping to make his debut when his new team faces Chippa United at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday (3pm). His versatility is one of the reasons he is so highly thought of by his new coach Da Gama and he will be desperate to repay the faith. Sanoka can play as a centre half as well as a left back. He beloved Da Gama will get the best out of him and has cited the style of football at Galaxy as the reason why he chose the club as his new home. “I joined the club because I feel my style of play is quite suited to how this team plays,” said Sanoka.“I don’t think I’ll have any problems settling in, I’m looking forward to this new beginning and I hope to achieve good things at the club. “It was not an easy decision to leave Maritzburg United after so many seasons but I felt it was time for me to move on to greener pastures and start on a clean slate. I wanted to challenge myself and experience a different environment.”