POWER FM’s Deejay Sphiwe, whose real name is Sphiwe Motha, is fuming. So much so that the DJ wants to expose fellow DJ Mo G, who works at Metro FM, for stealing his equipment. Deejay Sphiwe, who does the Vintage Mix at the radio station on Saturdays, took to Facebook to express his anger at Mo G, whom he claimed borrowed his equipment four years ago and never returned it. Deejay Sphiwe told The People’s Paper that he tried to solve the matter amicably, but Mo G was not responding to him. This was what prompted him to expose him publicly. He added that the DJ equipment was worth R50 000. “I met Mo G when we were both working at Kaya FM. I used to teach him how to DJ. One day, he came to my house and borrowed the equipment. Four years later and he still hasn’t brought it back,” he shared. ALSO READ | MANAKA’S BACK ON GENERATIONS SET! “I haven’t heard from him since. He blocked me on all social media platforms and even blocked my number. I didn’t want to confront him physically because it would end badly. I also sent him a letter of demand in 2019 through Loliwe Attorneys, which stated that he should bring back my equipment and the money I had lost. But he ignored it. I’ve clearly failed with regards to solving this matter privately,” he continued. Deejay Sphiwe said he had lost over a million due to not having his equipment. “I used to make between R20 000 to R40 000 every month using that equipment. So, I have lost a lot of money because of him. I don’t understand why he would do this to me because I also used to help him get gigs and financially when he was struggling.” He told the Sun Team that after posting about him on Facebook, Mo G sent DJ Mphulo to mediate. “He sent DJ Mphulo to be the mediator. DJ Mphulo said I should go and fetch the equipment. Why should I fetch my own equipment? He is disrespecting me,” the DJ said. Daily Sun tired to get hold of Mo G for the last  three weeks, he kept telling us that he wanted a face to face interview but he failed to pitch for the interview yesterday. He also did not respond to the text messages sent to him.  Guys I need your advise here: In 2017 Metro Fm DJ, Mpho Madise popularly known as Mo G borrowed my DJ equipment... 