RAPPER Nasty C has officially launched his Zulu Man With Some Power podcast that he has started in collaboration with Old Mutual. The much-anticipated podcast will see the young rapper having deep insightful conversations with local and international stars about the music industry. It will feature industry heavyweights such as Black Coffee, Slikour and Sizwe Dhlomo. Speaking at the launch of the podcast, Nasty C shared how the podcast came about. “The idea of the podcast came about when I was ready to give people some insight on what it is like to be an artist, especially during these times,” he said. “This is because there are a lot of things that you have to go through and things that you have to learn early on so that they don’t come back and bite you later on in life.” “What I like is that this podcast is different from other podcasts out there because it is a conversation and it is not focused on one person – I share my story, and everyone adds on it.” ALSO READ| RAPPER KWESTA CELEBRATES ALBUM MILESTONE He further shared what exactly pushed him to start the whole project, which followed his Netflix documentary Zulu Man in Japan. “I know what it is like to be on the other side, to be up-and-coming and I wish at the time that I started I had someone to impart the knowledge that I will share to make me feel level-headed and know exactly what to expect,” he said. The talented rapper also explained how he chose the people he sat down and had conversations with on the podcast. “People that I worked with on the podcast are people that I have relationships with. Because even though we come from different parts of the world, we share a common story that starts off with you believing in yourself in a dark corner with no else to back you. “You get to a point where everyone is riding with you and it becomes hard to tell who is who. The people I brought to the podcast are very good at breaking it down and stressing the most important parts of these relationships that you build,” he said. The award-winning musician said one of his favourite episodes is the one where he sat down with Black Coffee. “The episode with Black Coffee was one of the favourites. It was like he was flexing in a humble way, but at the same time teaching us. It was refreshing to speak to him, and he has so many gems to share,” he said. The first episode of the podcast will premiere on 25 February at 6pm on streaming platforms.