ONE of the greatest strikers to have come from this country, Benni McCarthy is shooting a video for Hollywood Bets that will be aired on tv in the next coming weeks. McCarthy’s video shooting took place in Umhlanga, Durban, on Friday and will continue on Saturday. The betting company roped him in since it has a partnership with Spanish La Liga, where McCarthy played for at Celta Vigo. McCarthy was at Hollywood Bets’ offices on Thursday to sign on a deal. McCarthy spent two seasons at Vigo, though others still regard it as a poor return as he scored 10 goals in 66 appearances for the Galician. But it is where FC Porto's ex-manager Jose Mourinho saw his potential. Mourinho initially signed him on loan in 2002 before making the move permanently the following season. McCarthy, who coaches now AmaZulu in the DStv Premiership, has said it, without boasting, that he has been in places where other footballers have never been before in their lives. Few players can score two goals at Manchester United’s iconic venue, Old Trafford, in the quarter-final of the Uefa Champions League in 2004. McCarthy described previously that as the life-changing moments in his career, but he was disappointed that he started the final win over Monaco on the bench. To this day, he’s the only South African footballer to have won one of the prestigious club competitions in the world football where crème de la crème usually meet midweek. Speaking to journalists in the parking lot in Umhlanga on Thursday, McCarthy revealed that seeing the deal to join Chelsea crushed in front of him was a heart-breaking moment. McCarthy, after Porto sold him to Black burn Rovers in 2006, he was an instant hit in his first season in the EPL. He scored 18 league goals, two behind golden boot winner Didier Drogba. He finished one ahead of then United forward Cristiano Ronaldo. That led to Chelsea's interest. However, McCarthy was not allowed to be reunited with his former manager Mourinho at Chelsea. According to McCarthy, he passed the medical after the £21m was agreed. But then Rovers manager Mark Hughes blocked the move at the last minute.