CONFEDERATION of African Football (Caf) presidential candidate Patrice Motsepe has shifted gears in his campaign for office. The Mamelodi Sundowns owner is headed for the Middle East after making a whistle-stop in Cameroon, where he met several federation heads who attended the Africa Nations Championship (Chan) final on Sunday. Along with his team, Motsepe left today for Qatar where he will attend the Fifa Club World Cup final between Bayern Munich and Mexico’s Tigres tomorrow, where he’ll also meet some of the association members from Africa. The Caf presidential elections will take place on 12 March in Rabat, Morocco. Motsepe will battle it out with Augustin Senghor (Senegal), Ahmed Yahya (Mauritania) and Jacques Anouma (Ivory Coast) for the Caf presidency. Motsepe is said to be reluctant to hold a press conference and unpack his manifesto. But he already has the backing from the Cosafa – the biggest region on the continent. “Motsepe met many FA presidents in Cameroon ahead of the Chan final,” said an insider. “While he was in Cameroon, his team also met several presidents who were attending the Chan final. “He is now heading to Doha where several other FA presidents are scheduled to make an appearance.” The Caf presidential elections have already courted controversy. The current president Ahmad Ahmad might be the fifth member to join the election race. The Malagasy administrator, who was banned by Fifa Ethics Committee for five years last year after breaking several breaches of Fifa’s ethics code, was restored by Caf’s Governance Committee after winning his appeal via the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) which saw the ban lifted recently. After his ban by Cas was lifted, the Caf Committee last Friday confirmed that Ahmad is eligible to stand for the presidential elections. But Caf’s highest legal body is set to hear his appeal on 2 March, with a decision expected before the Caf presidential elections on 12 March. Depending what happens on 2 March, Ahmad might run for re-election. But he will still have to face the same Fifa Review Committee before being given the green light to run for re-election. Because he was banned by Fifa, chances are that the world football controlling body will stand with their original decision.