THE Bulls  have unveiled their new kit for the 2021 rugby season. The team's sponsored by Puma, unveiled a blue home jersey resembling the one the Blue Bulls played in when they famously upset the British & Irish Lions 35-30 at Loftus Versfeld in 1997. The Bulls' will play in this kit until May 2022, including in the preparation series which kicks off this weekend. Bulls CEO Edgar Rathbone said in a statement: "PUMA have once again outdone themselves with an amazing jersey design, one that will resonate with all of our fans both from a historic perspective and with our newer audience. "This also makes a bold statement as we venture into the northern hemisphere that no matter where we go or what we become the true essence of the Bulls will always remain blue." Director of rugby at Bulls Jake White added: "It will be our jersey for the next few years. It's about going back to our roots. The history of this union is something that's become very important for us. Hopefully, even though we’re going to start playing in this jersey only in a preparation series, it’s an opportunity to expose our youngsters to the culture and history of this team. "We're hoping that it's a jersey that shows all the players what a privilege it is to play for this team. There’s a long history of brilliant Springboks who pulled the Bulls jersey over their head. "The jersey for me is incredibly important. A lot of thought and work went into it in terms of design. As everyone knows, I'm a traditionalist. Even the pants and socks are important. I'm hoping the youngsters appreciate the fact that they'll be the first to wear this new jersey. "It's not going to the Springboks who played in the Currie Cup final, it's given to the next generation. Hopefully that bodes well for us going forward." The kit will be available from May 2021. Inspired by those who came before us…Introducing the new Vodacom Bulls kit ??Who’s proud to be #TrueToTheBlue#BullsFamily@PUMASouthAfrica @PUMA pic.twitter.com/1Ox9SiNWd5 