SWALLOWS have received widespread acclaim for their quick adaptation to life in the top flight. The Birds are one of the two teams so far unbeaten in the DStv Premiership this season, sitting third with 28 points with seven wins and seven draws. Draws, however, are not the victories as the Birds fans would remember how Wits once suffered relegation after playing way too many draws back in 2005. Brandon Truter’s side drew their fourth match in five outings as they played out 1-1 stalemate with SuperSport United at the weekend. But the Birds coach is not overly concerned, explaining they have picked points up away from home against the Premiership powerhouses. He pointed out his men have milked points from league title challengers. “You have to look at the result and where we played the draws. It’s a draw away from game… against Mamelodi Sundowns, against SuperSport United. Those are tough teams, the teams which have been there done that,” explained Truter. “In the PSL, getting a draw against teams like those is gold, as long as we don’t lose away from home. We’ve played all the big games away, except against Kaizer Chiefs. “The draws will be worrying for me if we don’t create chances in those matches. But hopefully, we will turn it around in the second round at home.” Earning a rare start, Lucky Mohomi grabbed the opener for Matsatsantsa as early as the sixth minute at Lucas Moripe Stadium, but substitute Joseph Mhlongo tapped in the equaliser late in the second half. Not for the first time, the Birds drew a draw from the jaws of defeat, leaving Truter to wax lyrical about the character of his team. “Scoring so late tells you of the character of this team. We don’t give up and we won’t give up until the end of the season,” Truter added. “We have so many experienced players around, Vuyo (Mere), Wandisile (Letlabika), Lebogang Mokoena. It’s the players who’ve been there and done that. We don’t give up. Even at training, the intensity is so high that at times I have to calm things down. We want to win every game. You could see the frustration in the players’ faces after the game draw. “But we must also be mindful that we are a newly promoted team. However, we fancy our chances in the second round.”