FOOTBALLERS take the first step towards great careers at a tender age. Over the years they mature gradually to become polished products. They are tried out in different positions to determine their strengths and the strongest areas of their game. As a result, many of them gradually change their positions as they develop. Bafana Bafana goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune is one such player. Did you know that Khune used to be a central defender? Yes, before he became the Kaizer Chiefs star goalie, Khune was a defender. He has been with Amakhosi for more than 16 years now. “When I joined Chiefs, I joined as an infield player, because I used to look up to players like Jacob Tshisevhe and Mohammed Ouseb,” Khune revealed. “I was a central defender. I always tell people that I am a man of many talents. “I could play all positions on the field. But I had challenges, I had stomach cramps so I could not run the entire 90 minutes. I then said my favourite player on the team was Brian Baloyi. At the time, I followed him and became a goalkeeper.” Khune also explained an interesting story of how he earned the jersey number 32 when he arrived at Chiefs. “I have a great story behind jersey number 32,” Khune stated. “When I came for trials the first time as an infield player-coach Jacob 'Terror' Sephooa had just selected 31 players out of thousands of kids that came to the trials. “We were about to leave the grounds, he quickly realized that I also gave my all on the day. He then called me and asked for my name and surname. “I checked on the list I was player number 32 to be signed. Then I was promoted into the first team I was handed number 16, but I told the club manager Bobby Motaung that I can’t wear number 16. I took the 16 that Brian (Baloyi) used to wear and added 16 and it became 32, so that is the story behind the number.” Khune is one of the longest-serving players at the club. He graduated from the Amakhosi academy in 2004, but only proved himself in the 2007-08 season when he was given his first debut against Jomo Cosmos by then-coach Muhsin Ertugral.