PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa says investigations by Special Investigating Unit uncovered serious corruption and fraud relating to the procurement of the coronavirus personal protective equipment. He said new companies, and companies that had no experience in health-related activities, were used to secure tenders for PPEs. He said companies registered as shisanyamas and car washes also got the PPE tenders! Ramaphosa, through his weekly newsletter, said heads will roll for those who were involved in corrupt activities and defrauded the state. “I’d like to assure South Africans that the net is closing in on those involved in corrupt acts,” said the president. “This includes not just private companies, but also those in the public service who thought they could collude with outside individuals to sell off resources meant for our people.” He condemned the corruption that was done despite many people dying and others seriously sick. Ramaphosa said these people deliberately set up the companies to steal public money. “Individuals and entities with no experience in the manufacture, supply or distribution of critical medical supplies hastily set up companies. “In some cases they were registered on national databases and received purchase orders. In others they weren’t even registered but profited nonetheless. These include entities operating as a car wash and a shisanyama.” The PPE corruption scandal allegations sucked in top politicians including the President’s spokeswoman Khusela Diko and former Gauteng health MEC Bandile Masuku. Ramaphosa said some of these companies overcharged the state. “Personal protective equipment and other supplies were procured at inflated prices, in some cases at mark-ups exceeding 400%. Some products did not meet the necessary specifications,” he said. Besides the PPE scandal, Ramaphosa warned companies that defrauded the state Covid-19 Temporary Employment Relief Scheme. He said the long arm of the state will reach out and deal with unscrupulous employers. “These include employers who pocketed the benefits owed to their staff, or kept quiet about TERS funds paid to them by mistake,” he said.