IT’S high time SuperSport United send a strong message to their rivals in their quest to clinch the DStv Premiership title. And a comprehensive beating of Soweto giants Orlando Pirates would go a long way in that regard when the two sides meet at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday evening (5pm), and it will highlight their title credentials, That’s the view of Matsatsantsa a Pitori coach Kaitano Tembo, who insists his side are ready to push for the title. The Tshwane outfit have let themselves down in the latter part of the season in the past, something Tembo wants to fix this term. They were in the picture last season as well but did not push defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs hard enough. Tembo’s charges fell by the wayside as the season reached the business end. “The team has changed a lot since I took over,” said Tembo. “We have lost a lot of experienced players and we have had to give young players a chance. But we have still been competitive. “For this team to be where it is at this stage of the season is an achievement because we are still in a rebuilding process. There has been an improvement, but we have lacked consistency. “We can’t keep losing points at crucial stages of the season. I want a bit more consistency this season.” SuperSport are currently second in the standings behind leaders Sundowns, with just four points separating the Tshwane rivals. But Pirates, under Josef “JZ” Zinnbauer, pose a unique threat, and Tembo is wary. “It’s another tough game,” added the Zimbabwean mentor. “We need our team to be fresh because we saw they rested a lot of their players against Jwaneng Galaxy in the Caf Confederation Cup. “They will have fresh players, so we have to be well prepared and play well because we will be at home. “They will come at us because they want to win and climb up the ladder. “But we have to go out there with the right attitude and attack them from the word go. “We have to try and unsettle them. It will be a demanding game where we have to bring a good work ethic. “We have done well. We have done better than at this stage last season, although there is still a lot of football to be played. The second round will be a little bit tougher. “Teams have a lot of different ambitions and games will be more difficult.”