IT is not demonic, it’s a calling. These were the words of Maria Bless, who is being initiated as a sangoma. The 30-year-old from Westonaria in Gauteng is a thwasa in Lawley, south of Joburg. She recently told the SunTeam about her experience of having a calling. Maria said pastors used to lay hands on her, saying that she was possessed by demons. BENEFITS OF WEARING A G-STRING! “I tried to kill myself three times because I didn’t want to be a sangoma. I was tired,” she said. Maria, who grew up in Matatiele in the Eastern Cape, said from a young age, she had dreams that would come true. “I dreamt a lot about death, and the people I dreamt about died.” Maria was raised as a Christian and loved to worship God. “Christianity demonised being a sangoma. They portrayed it as worshipping the dead. They referred to the spirits as demonic and for this reason, I didn’t want to become a sangoma,” she added. Maria said the first time she tried to commit suicide she overdosed on pills in high school, but her family rescued her. “I dreamt of beads and sometimes I would be inside water and taken by a snake,” she said. “In 2012, I tried to kill myself again by overdosing on tablets. WORKER BUYS COVID SALIVA TO KILL BOSS! “The third time was in 2017 when I cut myself with a razor, hoping to bleed to death.” Although Maria is a teacher and married with three children, she said that her life had been a nightmare. “I was disliked by many people, even my colleagues, and I fought with my husband a lot. “Sometimes I would just run and find myself in the bushes at night,” she said.  “Now that I have accepted the calling, I am exploring my gifts and am closer to God than ever. “I urge Christians to be open-minded when it comes to African herbs and izangoma because it could happen to anyone, especially in black families. I will still go to church, but only one that accommodates izangoma.” Gobela Grace Ndlovu said when a person became a thwasa, they were born again and changed their lifestyle.