DID you know that several PSL players wrote their Grade 12 examinations in December last year. And most have passed their Matric results, though it's unclear whether it was with distinction. THUSO MOGALE: The Baroka FC midfielder is now over the moon after having received his results. The 19-year-old passed his Matric with a diploma entrance this week and aims continue studying while still playing football. The Lebowakgomo-born star aims to further his studies part-time with the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) this year. "I am so happy. It is a nice feeling to pass Matric," said Mogale.He said he will be enrolling for Radiography at TUT, to follow in the foot steps of Lehlohonolo Majoro of AmaZulu. "But my second option is Sports Science," he added. "I would have loved to pass with Bachelor entrance, but things have not been easy because of Covid-19 pandemic. You have to study by your own while in the bubble lat year. But what is important for now is that I have passed and I am over the moon." SIFISO MAZIBUKO, MLINDO KHOZA AND THABANG MOFOKENG The Jomo Cosmos players are also on cloud nine!The trio passed their Matric exams, marking an end to what has been a busy schedule for them. Passion and hard work got these youngsters juggling between football and their studies in the last few months. With the Covid-19 disruptions, the players endured a tough time in the last months of high school. However, their perseverance paid off as they were among thousands of pupils around the country who celebrated their achievements on Tuesday. “Congratulations to the Class of 2020 for passing your final exams. Sifiso Mazibuko (Bachelor with distinction in Tourism), Mlindo "chairman" Khoza (Bachelor), and Thabang Mofokeng (Bachelor), we are proud of u boys,” the club said in a brief statement. PHUMELO NHLAPO The Jomo Cosmos Under-19 team player also passed with a Bachelor. Congratulations to the Class of 2020 for passing your final exams.1.Sifiso Mazibuko(Bachelor with distinction in tourism)2.Mlindo "chairman"Khoza(Bachelor)3.Thabang Mofokeng(Bachelor)We proud of u boys#MatricResults2020 #Matric #Ezenkosi#JomoCosmos#Mintiroyavulavula pic.twitter.com/zVc0UWDA9v  SHAKIRA O'MALLEY Tuks High School announced has achieved a 99.5 matric pass rate. “Attained five distinctions in last year's matric exams, as it means she can now start to play football matches in Ohio, USA,” Tuks said in a statement.“TuksSport High School's head girl of last year is a student at the University of Northwestern in Lima. She aims to get a degree in Business Administration and hone her football skills and play for Banyana Banyana.The statement added: “TuksSport High School's 'Class of 2020' achieved a 99.5% matric pass rate. It is the first time they reached an 89% bachelor pass rate. In total, the learners achieved 73 distinctions.” 