THE quality of football at the recently completed African Nations Championship in Cameroon was badly affected by the lack of fans and it is feared that the standard of the game will continue to drop, should the supporters not be allowed at next year’s Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in the same west African nation next January. This was the finding of the Chan Technical Study Group (TSG) members made up of Bafana Bafana legend Mark Fish, Nigerian legend Daniel Amokachi, Gilberto Amaral (Angola) and Raymond Kalla (Cameroon). They are concerned that football won’t be as entertaining without supporters inside the stadiums. Fans worldwide have been prevented from attending matches due to the Covid-19 pandemic. These former star players were giving their review of the delayed Chan 2020 tournament in terms of infrastructure, operation and organisation based on the level of football they witnessed in Cameroon. The tournament was won by Morocco for the second time in a row after beating Mali 2-0 in the final on Sunday. Although in Chan 25% capacity supporters were allowed at matches, the soccer legends found it bizarre to play in virtual empty stands due to Covid-19 pandemic. Fish, who won the Afcon with Bafana in 1996 in Mzansi, said: “The game has changed. You see a lot of players doing things that they would not normally do in a stadium in front of 60-70 000 people. “You can hear them (players) talking to each other, coaches shouting. For me, it is not a nice way of playing football. “Yes, 25% of fans were allowed into the stadiums, but you can see the difference. Football misses the fans. They are very important for the game and I experienced the difference in the stadiums. It (lack of fans) has certainly had a massive impact on the players’ performance.” Amokachi, who won the Afcon in 1994 and a 1996 Olympic gold medal with the Super Eagles, echoed Fish’s views. “When you watched the first two games, you can see the quality is not what Africa is all about. Without the atmosphere of fans at the stadiums, it contributed to the players not showcasing their skills.” Amaral, a former Angolan star who won the Caf Champions League with the Egyptian giants Al Ahly in 2008, said he feels for the players if there are no fans to watch the Afcon next year.