CHIPPA United coach Daniel Malesela came inches to do the double over his former club TS Galaxy in the league this season. The two sides shared the spoil 1-1 in a DStv Premiership match at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Malesela had beaten his former club in January this year at Mbombela Stadium. On that day, it was the first game for Malesela’s successor, Owen da Gama.In today’s game, Andile Mbenyane had put the home side via the penalty spot. However, Lindokuhle Mbatha levelled things for the visitors from the penalty spot as well. From the early exchanges, it was the game that had no ingredient to excite the masses and the start of the first half couldn’t inspire too. Something to shout about only came towards the end of the first half. Galaxy looked to be the better side. But Mxolisi Macuphu missed a close range in the 39th minute. A minute later, Galaxy’s Wayde Lekay had another miss which infuriated coach da Gama as the game entered the interval with no goal. However, things were better in the early stages of the second half. Anthony Laffor showed his old ingenuity and was brought down inside the box Bathusi Aubas. Mbenyane, the club long-standing player, stepped up to convert the spot-kick in the 63rd minute. Three minutes later, the visitors had theirs to pull things level. Macuphu, who missed the great chance earlier, was fouled inside the box. Evergreen winger Mbatha coolly tucked it away. Then the home side had a glorious chance to take the lead and win the match. Mdlinzo, who was one of the stars when Malesela’s Galaxy stunned the country when they defeated Kaizer Chiefs in the Nedbank Cup final two years, should have won it for the home side later in the game. He missed a one-on-one with only Marlon Heugh to beat. Chippa finished the game with ten men after Isaac Nhlapo was sent off for the dangerous tackle on Masilake Phohlongo. Meanwhile, Chippa were playing at home for the first time since 29 November last year in what was a 1-1 draw against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila. They were not allowed by the PSL to play home games due to Eastern Cape was considered to be the hot spot for Covid-19. But this game was the second time Chippa were playing at home this year. They were allowed to host Free State Stars in the Nedbank Cup last-32 on 7 February, where the Chilli Boys won on penalties.