SUPERSPORT United came back from a goal down to hold Soweto giants Orlando Pirates to a 1-1 draw in a DStv Premiership match at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday night. Pirates midfielder Ben Motshwari helped the Tshwane side salvage a point when he cancelled Vincent Pule’s early goal in the 66th minutes. Bucs had themselves to blame for failure to grab three points as they created more scoring chances with Luke Fleurs clearing Deon Hotto’s shot on the goal line to safety. Both teams came into the match aiming to narrow the gap between them and leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. Pirates came into the match with their heads held high having beaten Botswana side Jwaneng Galaxy 1-0 (4-0 on aggregate) at Orlando Stadium to progress to the group stages of Caf Confederation Cup. On the other hand, Matsatsantsa A Pitori were hoping to collect maximum points having dropped two crucial points when they drew 1-1 against Bucs fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs in their last league game at the weekend. Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer made three changes to the side that competed in the Caf competition with defender Paseka Mako retaining his place in the starting line up, while midfielders Ben Motshwari and Thabang Monare returned to the side after being rested in that match. His counterpart, Kaitano Tembo made four changes to the side that played Amakhosi with defenders  Grant Kekana and Luke Fleurs replacing Bongani Khumalo and Jamie Webber while Kudakwashe Mahachi had the nod ahead of Keenan Phillips. Tembo also preferred to partner Thamsanqa Gabuza with Bradley Grobler upfront at the expense of Evans Rusike who had a run after the break. Pirates had the upper hand early on using the width of the pitch and aerial strength in a bid to get the opener. The Soweto giants were rewarded in the tenth minutes when winger Vincent Pule caught  Supersport defence off-guard when he unleashed a low shot that went past keeper Ronwen Williams following a great pass from Deon Hotto on the edge of penalty box. Motshwari could not believe it as he deflected Ghampani Lungu’s goal bound shot into his own net in the 66th minutes while trying to clear ball to safety.