ROBBERS turned Ballito Junction Regional Mall in Durban into a movie on Monday, 1 February. They robbed Cherry Design Jewellery shop. Witness Sthokozile Cele said it will take a long time to completely wipe out what she saw on Monday. “I was busy minding my own business, walking in the passage of the mall,” said Sthokozile. “I was walking towards the shop. Before I knew it I started hearing loud gunshots. Shattered windows fell to the ground. “For a second I didn’t know whether to run and hide or stand still. Finally, I ran into a shop close by.” She hid behind clothes on display.  “I didn’t want to watch further. I was scared that I could be hit by a flying bullet. I had no idea which direction they were shooting from,” said Sthokozile. It was a traumatic few minutes. “After I heard other mall users saying the criminals had left, I decided to go home. I couldn’t do anything as my knees were shaking,” she said.  Reaction Unit South Africa spokesman, Prem Balram, said several shots were fired by robbers fleeing the scene of a robbery. “Reports from the scene indicate the gang entered the mall armed with high-caliber rifles. Windows to Cherry Design Jewellery were smashed,” said Balram. “It couldn’t be confirmed what had been stolen, but several witnesses reported shots being fired as the robbers made their getaway.” He said a VW Polo, believed to be one of the vehicles used by the gang, was recovered in the parking lot of the mall. “A white BMW was hijacked by the suspects, who also fled in a silver Audi. Information received was that the gang fled onto the M4,” said Balram. He said both cars used by the suspects were recovered, abandoned in a sugarcane field between Ballito and Tongaat. Captain Nqobile Gwala said it’s alleged employees were performing their duties at a jewellery store at a shopping centre in Ballito on Monday when they were accosted by a group of armed men. She said: “At gunpoint the suspects broke the windows, took an undisclosed amount of jewellery and fled the scene. A female victim was hijacked at gunpoint. “Charges of robbery and hijacking were opened at Umhlali police station for investigation,” said Gwala.