HE is still regarded as the best goalkeeper in the country, this is despite all his howlers that ended up costing his club Kaizer Chiefs points. On Wednesday, Khune trended on social media for all the wrong reasons after he gifted Lehlohonolo Majoro of AmaZulu a goal, following a dive gone wrong. His effort to punch the ball from a corner kick back in to play wasn't strong enough, and Majoro capitalised with an opportunistic kick that crossed the line, leaving Khune sprawled on the floor. Chiefs ended up losing the DStv Premiership match 2-1. Augustine Mulenga opened scoring on the day for Usuthu before Leonardo Castro pulled one back. But that is not the point, the focus is on Khune's nightmares when given a starting berth ahead of Daniel Akpeyi. Majoro goal against Kaizer ChiefsEdited by meKhune AmaZulu#KaizerChiefs #DSTVPREMIERSHIP pic.twitter.com/2niGUExyl1  And with the Mulenga goal, blame could also be pointed at the hapless Khune who missed the ball and the AmaZulu star faced with a Chiefs defender who was manning the line at that moment, with the Bafana Bafana goalie left running from behind. Khune be like,"when you don't play me ,I'll continue punishing the y'all"...??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????#DStvPrem pic.twitter.com/MSpUOBtHwP Khune doing what he does best these days..????????#Amakhosi4Life pic.twitter.com/4Fyy8rvdmT Who would forget the most horrific kick from Khune against Black Leopards in December last year, which ultimately ended on the foot of the opposition player for a goal. The Bafana star's nightmare kick to pass the ball to his teammate Philani Zulu in the first half was intercepted by Leopards winger Ovidy Karuru, who then directed it into an empty net. More laughable was seeing Khune running after the ball en route to the net like a cat chasing a mouse. But lucky for Chiefs is that the league match ended 2-2, though Amakhosi at some point were trailing 2-0. Following the howler, Khune went straight to social media and wrote: "Learn and grow – since you have no control over what has already happened, you need to learn from the past and grow for the future. Remember always, it’s not what happened that matters most; it is how you respond to what has happened that will make the biggest impact on future performances. Great come back from the team."  Well said skipper! His coach Gavin Hunt at his post match interview told te media that: “Any mistake on any football pitch is disappointing and everybody makes mistakes.” GOAL! Ovidy Karuru punishes Kaizer Chiefs after a careless mistake by Khune.Horrible error by Itumeleng Khune. He tries to plays a long diagonal ball across the field. This will not help Amakhosi in their quest to regain confidence.Chiefs 0 - 1 Black Leopards #DStvPrem pic.twitter.com/DNmRmZReD4 Against SuperSport United, Khune's shot from the posts went straight to a Matsatsantsa a Pitori player who set up Bradley Grobler and by then the shot-stopper sat on a cold lawn and just about raised his hands when Grobler tapped the ball above his shoulders for the solitary goal, which sparked more annoyance from Chiefs fans who are yet to see the best of him in the 2020-21 season. Wow... he blames others for his crucial mistake second week in a row. Leadership wasn’t shown in that interview #Khune #DStvPrem pic.twitter.com/IKctWeGjcs In the past seasons, there has been plenty where he caused unnecessary penalties that cost Amakhosi the match. But he still remains South Africa's golden boy and everyone, especially Chiefs fans, are still praying that he regains his form and line up for Bafana. It happens to the best in the world, and not only for him.