After being absent from the small screen for almost eight months, former The Queen actress Dineo Langa has landed an acting gig. The actress has joined new SABC3 telenovela, The Estate. She’ll play the role of Mmakoena. Speaking to SunBuzz, she said: “I was really excited when I was told I got the role. “It was an affirmation there are people who believe in me and my talent, hence they trusted me with the role and to grow the character.” Mmakoena is smart and intimidating. “She’s complex but at the same time she’s a very incredible black woman who’s a leader and knows her business in and out,” she said. ALSO READ:BREAKING: PROVERB BIDS FAREWELL TO KAYA FM “We recently began shooting and, so far, there are no challenges in terms of portraying her. “But I can’t lie. I’ve been enjoying stepping into her shoes and bringing her to life. “I love how she looks at life from another perspective, and the way she engages with the world.” Dineo said she had to put in a lot of work to bring her character to life, and she’s grateful to the production team for the support. “A lot of preparation goes on prior and during the scenes, as you have to ensure the character is believable,” she said. “It’s not every day that an actor gets the opportunity to have a sit-down with the head writer, producer and director to break down and delve into who the character is. So that really shows how good the support system is.” Dineo said people will love her character. “She’s very much similar to me because she always strives for excellence, and the viewers at home are going to adore her as she’s going to resonate well with them. She has a soft edge to her which people will love to see,” she said. She’s grateful that she’ll be making a comeback on TV soon. “It’s a really tough time within the television space and I’m happy to be back on screen. “I sympathise and hope the cast and crew members whose productions just came to an end find themselves back on their feet as they have built their lives around this industry.”