“HE was an undoubted comrade because he didn’t hide his views about anything or anyone.” These were the words of former president Jacob Zuma at the funeral of ANC stalwart Meshack Radebe, who was his close ally. The former KZN MEC for Agriculture and former ANC KZN Provincial Executive Council member, who died last week, was buried at his home in Maqongqo outside Pietermaritzburg on Saturday, 13 February. It is not clear what illness led to Radebe’s death. But his coffin arrived when the funeral was about to start, and it was kept in the hearse for the duration of the ceremony. When being buried in his yard, his family members did not touch the coffin; only funeral parlour workers in PPE did. Officials Zuma, Minister of Health Dr Zweli Mkhize and ANC Provincial Deputy Chairman Mike Mabuyakhulu were in attendance. IFP Umzinyathi district mayor Reverend Petros Ngubane attended on behalf of Dr Mangosuthu Buthelezi, and some ANC members were seen in their regalia. Radebe’s son Mzomuhle Radebe said they had lost a great, loving father. “It is so painful to lose a parent that you know really loved you. But as painful as it is, we have no choice but to accept this,” he said.  He added that he suspected his father knew that he was going to die because during his last days, he did many things including a traditional ceremony. He also told them that they should learn to do things because he would die soon. “When he told us that he would die, we didn’t believe him. We thought he was just joking because he used to joke around a lot,” he added. Ngubane read Buthelezi’s speech as he couldn’t attend due to Covid-19 regulations. Ngubane  said Radebe was a loyal leader in the ANC, and that he was a friend of peace. Mabuyakhulu gave tribute on behalf of the ANC in KZN, saying that Radebe was one of the rare leaders. “Radebe worked for people and he loved people very much. He was the kind of leader who wanted to see change and made sure that there was change in people’s lives. He didn’t live for himself; he lived for the people,” he said. He added that the ANC still needed leaders like him. During his tribute, Zuma said Radebe was an undoubted comrade because he didn’t hide his views and feelings. “He was my best friend. We spoked about everything, including scary things that I cannot mention here. He was the kind of friend who wasn’t afraid to tell you when you were wrong.” He said Radebe gave himself into stopping the war that white people referred to as the black-on-black war. “In the killings that took place in Hammarsdale, he fought against it and stood firm because he understood that the killing of black people by other blacks was wrong. He was a brave man, even when he was called names.” Zuma added that there was a lot of things he could say concerning the killings at that time, but he would not do that because he was currently being followed and watched.