THE more things change, the more they remain the same on African football. It emerged on Saturday that Ahmad Ahmad has been cleared by CAF's Governance Committee (GC) to run for the upcoming presidential elections next month by the organisation's Governance Committee. This comes days after the Malagasy was restored as CAF president following his five-year ban, which was conditionally lifted by Court of Arbitration in Sport (CAS). Ahmad was banned for five years by Fifa’s Ethics Committee last year after being adjudged to have broken code of ethics. “The decision rendered on 10 November, 2020 by the judging chamber of the Ethics Commission of Fifa, prohibiting Ahmad from exercising any activity related to football at the national and international level for five years, having been suspended by decision on 29 January 2021 of the CAS, the candidate Ahmad is now declared eligible for the post of president of CAF,” said the statement.  Ahmad was in Yaounde, Cameroon on Friday attending the Championship of African Nations (CHAN) currently underway. This is where the CAF Commission of Governance met on Friday to declare him fit to run for the re-election. While he has been declared fit to run for the election on 12 March, this is pending the outcome of the 2 March CAS Appeal, with the decision set for 3 March. As it stands, the 61-year-old will become the fifth man to stand for the elections, along with Jacques Anouma (Ivory Coast), Patrice Motsepe (South Africa), Augustin Senghor (Senegal) and Ahmed Yahya (Mauritania) who have already been approved as candidates. The Caf presidential polls will take place on 12 March in Rabat, Morocco.Ahmad, who at first didn’t confirm whether he’ll run for re-election knowing that he was under investigation before the ban last year, had already been backed by 46 of 54 member associations in Africa to run for elections. This comes after he helped all 54 member associations with Covid-19 relief funds last year where international football was stopped due to the deadly virus. 