SWALLOWS FC’S unbeaten record in the DStv Premiership might still be intact, but wins have been hard to come by of late. The Dube Birds are winless in their last four league matches, a run that is beginning to worry their ambitious coach Brandon Truter. Goals have also dried up for their top goal scorer, Ruzaigh Gamildien. Nevertheless, the 43-year-old former Richards Bay coach has overseen an incredible first half of the season for the newly promoted Soweto outfit. Truter has transformed Swallows’ mentality, turning them into unlikely title challengers. His side are now undergoing what has been a rare tough period this season, winning just once in their last six matches in the league. As a result, they have fallen seven points behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. “We have created big expectations for ourselves. We are now expected and expect ourselves to win,” said Truter. “The expectation is even bigger when we play at home. We should be winning our home games. In general, we have not been winning of late. We have a lot of draws. We drew against Mamelodi Sundowns, SuperSport United and Orlando Pirates, but the draws at home against Chippa United and the last one against AmaZulu are the ones that hurt. “I have not been happy with our results of late but the performances have still been very good. We still dominate so much of the play that I can’t fault my players.” Truter’s charges next face a wounded Cape Town City outfit who are still smarting from back-to-back defeats to Pirates and SuperSport. The clash takes place at Cape Town Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). Truter is wary of the danger posed by the Citizens, but insists that they won’t bounce back at his team’s expense. “This is definitely not a good time to be playing City,” added Truter. “They are coming from two losses and now will be playing at home. As much as they lost, they were still playing a good brand of football. They are very hard to beat at home so it will be a tough game. “City at home are always tough. We expect fireworks in Cape Town. We are also expected to win every game and we will set up that way as well. As much as we respect them, we are also in need of the three points.”