The 
Truworths group has announced that it will be launching a new 
value-focused chain to gain entry into the lower end of the 
South African fashion market. This means that the group will be 
competing on the same playing field as long time value fashion retailers
 like Mr Price, Pep stores and Jet. The Truworths group said there
 will be an increased focus on value and in-demand products by 
increasing the range of promotional items, and committed to strong 
growth in e-commerce which will further support its medium-term 
performance. It said its group retail sales for the 26 weeks ended
 27 December 2020 decreased by 8.5% to R9.7 billion compared to R10.6 
billion reported for the same period in 2019. Account sales decreased by
 10.3% and cash sales decreased by 6.5%, relative to the prior period. Truworths
 has an Africa segment and a UK-based office segment. Retail sales for 
Truworths Africa decreased by 6.8% to R7.3 billion, with account sales 
decreasing by 10.3% and cash sales increasing by 1.9%. The group 
said online sales delivered a strong performance, growing by more than 
150% relative to the prior period, now comprising 2% of Truworths 
Africa's retail sales. Retail sales for the UK-based office 
segment decreased in sterling terms by 24.6% to £114 million. In Rand 
terms, retail sales  decreased by 13.3% to R2.4 billion. Online sales 
contributed approximately 59% of retail sales for the period. The group closed a total of 40 stores across all brands and now has 896 stores. The
 directors of the group have resolved to declare a gross cash dividend 
from retained earnings to the amount of 232 South African cents per 
ordinary share. Succession With CEO, 
Micheal Mark set to retire soon and CFO and COO David Pfaff resigning in
 2020, Truworths has started the process of implementing the succession 
plan for the group. Truworths said the board has commenced the 
process to appoint a successor for Pfaff whose resignation comes into 
effect from 28 February 2021. The group announced that Sarah 
Proudfoot, an executive director of the group, and an employee since 
2001, has been appointed deputy managing director of the group's main 
operating subsidiary Truworths Limited, a position which has been 
recently created. Fin24