USUALLY, any given campaign can only be made sense of after many factors have been pieced together like a join-the-dots sketch. But midway through the campaign, it is not hard to give a fair assessment of Kaizer Chiefs’ season so far. With four wins from 15 DStv Premiership matches, is it tempting to say Chiefs are still the mighty Amakhosi, except that appears not to be the case anymore. They have been through worse already, knocked out of cup competitions and still stuttering out of the starting blocks in the league. Winning the league title remains a lofty ambition for a team which has collected more trophies than any other in local football. They lost 2-1 to Orlando Pirates in the Soweto derby in their last league outing and that was before their pride was further dented by the shock Nedbank Cup loss to GladAfrica Championship outfit Richards Bay. They face AmaZulu in the Premiership match at FNB Stadium on Wednesday (3pm), 10 days since they were in action. And even though that could be a factor, Philani Zulu reckons they will be up for a fight against the daring Usuthu. “It is not going to be an easy game,” said the Chiefs defender. “I mean they were playing on Sunday (0-0 against Swallows) and now they will have that momentum going forward‚ and we have not been playing since the previous game in the Nedbank Cup match. “So, it’s up to us as players to just keep our feet on the ground and our heads high‚ continue working hard and looking forward to the next game.” Like his teammates, Zulu is still hurting from the early exit in the Nedbank by the Championship side. “Looking at how we played in the last game, getting knocked out of the Nedbank Cup, it is a saddening thing to go through. Now we have to pick ourselves up and look forward to the game against AmaZulu,” Zulu added. “As much as it is a blunder for us not to play the Champions League, it gave us a bit of time to reflect on ourselves and prepare more as a team. We needed that. Given the time that we had, we are looking good and forward to giving our best as we prepared during the week.” Admittedly, coach Gavin Hunt was left embarrassed by the loss to Richards Bay. But this could be the stage for his charges to demonstrate their ability to bounce back from a poor result and maintain fading league championship hopes.