THE police are investigating a double-murder case in Khayelitsha, Cape Town. This after four people were shot at Japhta Masemola road next to Nolungile Railway Station in Site C. Two died at the scene while the others were rushed to hospital. A resident, who asked not to be named, said it was around 2pm when she heard a gunshot while going to the garage. “I was not that shocked because there is something happening almost every day here. I just pray that I don’t get shot,” said the resident. Another resident Lusindiso Gawushe said whoever shot the victims wanted them dead. “I heard that people who shot them were in a car. It is clear that they wanted all of them dead, especially when you look at the car. It had a lot of bullet holes.” Gawushe added that no one will ever win the crime in Khayelitsha and that the killings will never stop. “There is nothing that the police can do about these incidents. They will investigate and it will end there. No one can just kill people without any reason. Something is going on and only the police can find out. Until then, people will continue to die.” The shooting followed another one that happened last month at the JPS squatter camp where six men were shot dead. Five died at the scene while one died in hospital. “Something huge is going on. We are praying that these shootings stop because losing young people like this is sad,” said Gawushe. When Daily Sun arrived at the scene, the forensics were still busy. One victim had fallen outside of the car while trying to run away, and the other died inside. Resident Simbongile Siko used to be afraid of guns, but not anymore. “This area changes people because of the high crime rate. Shooting someone in front of everyone is a norm. We are not afraid anymore. We just pray that we don’t get injured. Otherwise we see incidents like this every day,” said Siko. Captain FC van Wyk said Khayelitsha police were investigating double-murder and double-attempted murder cases after a shooting incident near Nolungile Railway Station where two unknown men were shot and fatally wounded, and two others injured. “Circumstances surrounding the shooting are under investigation,” added Van Wyk.