THE Ncwane family in Mthwalume, south of Durban, has confirmed that they know Nonku Williams’ child. The confirmation comes after the first episode of Real Housewives of Durban on Friday, 29 January, in which Nonku dropped a bombshell. She confessed she is late gospel star Sfiso Ncwane’s baby mama. She told Sfiso’s widow, Ayanda Ncwane: “I know of you and you know of me. ALSO READ:ENCA PRESENTER HAS PASSED ON “You know about uNothile my daughter. She is Sfiso’s child. Your late husband’s child. You are aware of that.” Ayanda looked totally surprised by the revelation. But Sfiso’s mother, Irene, told Daily Sun that Nonku’s daughter, Nothile, is her grandchild. “She and the baby used to visit us here at home. The baby must have been a year or two years old. She was still learning to walk at that time. I haven’t seen them since then. “I’m therefore begging Nonku to please bring Sfiso’s child home. I miss my granddaughter and I’ve been trying to locate them without any luck,” said Irene. She said she was told that Nonku lived overseas. Sfiso’s younger sister, Sbahle, told the People’s Paper that Nonku and Sfiso dated years back. “He dated both of them at the same time. Nonku was from a rich family. Eventually, Nonku and Sfiso broke up and Nothile was already born. Shortly after that, Ayanda and Sfiso got married,” she said. Sbahle’s version is collaborated by Ayanda’s in her book, For The Love of Sfiso Ncwane. Ayanda wrote: “Sfiso settled in Durban where he continued to be well received. Meanwhile, our relationship was drifting even further apart. “I knew that with him far away from me and with almost no contact, he’d eventually find someone else. “I was damn right. The news that Sfiso was seeing another lady was doing the rounds and finally got to me. She came from a rich and powerful family. Time passed. I later heard that he got this other woman pregnant. This news left me traumatised and heartbroken.” The SunTeam repeatedly tried to get comment from Ayanda and Nonku without success.