RESIDENTS of Manguzi, northern KZN, and victims of recent carjacking incidents have welcomed the arrests of nine suspects. The suspects were nabbed by the police on Friday, 12 February. They are expected to appear in the Manguzi Magistrates Court on Monday, 15 February. Community Policing Forum chairman, Joseph Ngubane, said they are thankful to the cops for the work they have done. “Many people have suffered a lot from carjacking. We hope these arrests will make a difference because we believe these suspects that have been arrested are the kingpins,” said Ngubane. Mandla Phiri from Bloemfontain, Free State, said: “I hope among those who were arrested are those who hijacked me last month so they can reveal where they took my car. If not, I hope they can help point out the rest that haven’t been arrested yet.” Phiri is one of the motorists who were lured all the way from Bloemfontain and hijacked in Emanguzi. He was told there was construction work that he was needed for. According to KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele, in the early hours of Friday, police from the tactical response team conducted an operation at Umgodiwemvubu in Emanguzi tracing the suspects involved in incidents of carjacking. Mbele said the operation yielded positive results when nine suspects, including two women aged 19 and 26, were arrested. “After thorough interrogation of the suspects, the two of them were linked to the hijackings committed in the area. “It was further discovered that three of the main suspects were from Mozambique. One of the arrested women was responsible for luring the victims to the area,” said Mbele. She said four cellphones, motor vehicle speakers and building tools were recovered during the operation. “All the suspects will be profiled to determine whether they are involved in other carjacking incidents committed in the Umkhanyakude district and surrounding area. All nine suspects will appear in the Manguzi Magistrates Court on 15 February 2021 facing carjacking charges,” said Mbele.