DUMISANI Mkhwanazi, who has been handed a hefty sentence of 31 years, has accused the court of pleasing the media and family of the deceased. This emerged in the South Gauteng High Court on Friday where Mkhwanazi stood trial for the charges he faced, including that of killing and burying UJ student Palesa Madiba. Judge Prince Manyathi said: “We want to bring to your attention that the courts are not there for the media. The attraction of the media comes because of the GBV offences and femicide that end up in our court.” When delivering the sentence, Manyathi said Palesa died at the hands of the man she regarded as her uncle, and expected him to protect her. “The deceased’s family members have been deprived of their loved one.” He added: “In the course of murdering her and giving the impression that she had left for her classes while knowing that you had buried her in a shallow grave, no other interest mattered than that of your own. You actually kept the information, knowing very well that you had buried her behind the rooms. At all material times, you displayed the attitude of ‘catch me if you can’. As the victim impact statement stated, Palesa’s family members were hopeful that she would return at some point.” The state had argued that the court must take into account that Mkhwanazi did not show any remorse. “I do understand because you still maintain that you did not actually commit this particular offence. According to you, this is a court of media attention. That is why you were convicted, therefore the court cannot expect you to be remorseful for something you say you didn’t do.” Manyathi told Mkhwanazi: “You always thought that your secret was safe and that you would take it with you to the grave.” Quoting Buddha, Manyathi said: “There are three things that cannot be hidden – the sun, the moon and the truth.” Palesa’s mum Khosi Kgalisitwe said she was happy this chapter had finally come to an end. “I got justice for my child. Her spirit can now rest. We fought and we conquered. Along the way, we gave up on the South African law. But today, we saw that the long arm of the law is still there.” She added that she never thought this day would come. “I am happy that this day has finally arrived. I won’t forget her,” said Kgalisitwe.