TOP-Flight teams that were hoping for the so-called “weaker” opponents in the last-16 draw of the Nedbank Cup have not gotten their wish. This after the draw, which took place last night, served up some mouth-watering clashes. The pick of the matches will see Maritzburg United host Orlando Pirates in KwaZulu Natal. The defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns are the only top-flight team to draw lower league opponents in Polokwane City. Swallows FC will make the long journey to Limpopo to face Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila while Chippa United host Cape Town City. Meanwhile, Cape Town Spurs, who stunned Baroka 5-4 on penalties in their last-32 fixture at Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane yesterday, will face Cape Town All Stars in the Cape derby. Spurs, formerly Ajax Cape Town, have struggled in their pursuit of promotion this season and were hoping to use the Nedbank Cup as a springboard to success in the league. The Mother City outfit came into the clash not in the best of form having failed to win the last two matches. They occupy 15th spot on the Championship standings but they will now be hoping to replicate the form that saw them reach the final of this competition in 2015. Their opponents, Bakgaga headed into the match winless in three DStv Premiership matches with their last match ending in 1-1 draw at home to Cape Town City. The Limpopo team were eager to match, if not better their exploits from last season which saw them reach the semi-finals of the competition. Bakgaga were knocked out by eventual runners-up Bloemfontein Celtic last season. Spurs held their own for much of the first half against a superior opponent, at least as far as status is concerned. But they let their guard down on the stroke of half-time and Bakgaga striker Richard Mbulu duly punished the Championship side. The Urban Warriors, however, did not let the game get away from them and they were rewarded with an equaliser in the second half. Ashley Cupido netted his second of the season after ghosting into the box and calmly slotting past Oscarine Masuluke in the Bakgaga goal. The two sides would not be separated in regulation time and match headed into extra time. Baroka wasted several scoring opportunities in extra time which would have put the game to bed had they been more clinical. In the end, Bakgaga needed penalties to get the job done as they progressed to the next round.