BUSINESSWOMAN and Real Housewives of Durban’s Nonku Williams has opened up about her abusive marriage. In a tearful and emotional four-minute video clip, titled “My Journey of Survival and Triumph”, she talks about her abusive marriage and how she survived it all. The video clip was later shared on her Instagram account on Saturday. In the video, she said: “Please allow me to share my journey. It’s not easy. As I speak I’m actually holding tears because the journey is hard. “I can come here looking all glammed up. Most people tell me I’m strong, but you know sometimes I hate that word because I’m not strong,” she said. “I cry alone. I kneel down and ask God why I have so much of a burden.” “I’ve never seen so much love. God knows me. He loves me. I went through a horrible marriage. I was abused mentally, physically and emotionally. “I was told I’d never amount to anything, but today you’re looking at a woman who’s found herself, who has found her identity. I know who I am and I know what I stand for. “Yes, the battle is hard. Every day I have to remind myself that I’m alive and I have promise. I have three beautiful children. I’m blessed. Every day I look at myself in the mirror and remind myself that.” She thanked her friends for being there for her. “I appreciate all of you. I know I’m stubborn, but I also have faith. I don’t care what happens but I’ll never fall. Even if I do I shall rise again,” she said. “Thank you so much for your support. It can look small but for me it’s big. Things have happened, and a whole lot has happened, but I have God.” A handful of tweeps assured her that they could relate. “You’re so authentic... love your story and I’m sure most females can relate to you,” wrote Magalelakazi. Another Twitter user, Zama.yvonne, said: “Oh Nonku Nonku, I’m your fan and I truly admire you and your strength. Indeed it can only be God. Just like you said, God loves you so much, sisi. What I like most about you, having watched the RHOD, you are so authentic which is what makes you a true person. “Never ever change who you are and know that you sharing your experiences in life is indeed encouraging and inspiring a lot of people, especially women out there. Thank you so much and I love you my sister. I hope to meet you in person one day.” Sizwe Khoza commended: “My absolute favourite lady in this show. You’re so authentic, an amazing mother, sister, daughter. Keep pushing. You’re meant for greater things.”