THE stadiums that were used for professional football in their heydays have been neglected and turned into white elephants. Mmabatho Stadium in Mahikeng, Odi Stadium in Mabopane, Lebowakgomo Stadium near Polokwane in Limpopo, HM Pitje Stadium in Mamelodi, and Charles Mopeli Stadium in Phuthaditjhaba are no longer in use due to lack of maintenance by authorities. This has caused an uproar on Twitter, with Swallows FC boss David Mogashoa joining the chorus in blaming local municipalities for the dire state of venues that were once popular in Mzansi. HM Pitje and Odi Stadiums are under the Gauteng provincial government, who have promised to renovate them but never kept their promise. Said Mogashoa: “It’s sad more of these stadiums are in shambles. Look at HM Pitje, Odi and Mmabatho. No appetite at all. “Some of these stadiums are so bad that it’s better just to demolish them and turn them into normal playing fields. We will go and watch (scout players) tournaments there.” Mogashoa stressed that the stadium could attract PSL teams to utilise them for training or matches and create jobs for local communities. He added: “Indeed, a well maintained stadium would attract interest from local PSL clubs. “One of them can be used just for training by other teams like Orlando Pirates are using Rand Stadium just for training. “There are smaller stadiums that can be used for certain games and they will be cheaper for clubs. Remember we are not playing for free at these stadiums. “But municipalities don’t look after their assets. I would be interested to see the state of Huntersfield Stadium in Katlehong.”  Free State Stars boss Rantsi Mokoena says the state of stadiums also hinders football development. Stars, who were well known for playing their matches at Charles Mopeli Stadium, currently use Goble Park in Bethlehem for their GladAfrica Championship matches. “The lack of maintenance is a problem at these venues,” said Mokoena. “I remember we were once fined a R1 million by the PSL because lights went off during our match against Orlando Pirates. “Goble Park cannot host a category A game and if we gain promotion this means we will be forced to host our home matches in Bloemfontein because other nearby venues are not in a good state.” Other community members are pleading with municipalities to demolish the venues and utilise the space to build an infrastructure that will benefit the community. Kabelo Dick said: “Don’t these guys in municipalities realise how much revenue they can generate from having well managed stadiums? If Lebowakgomo was well maintained to (PSL) standards surely Baroka will be using it, and the local economy will boom.” Teeks Moeketsi has blamed the government for allocating many stadiums to one province, which also led to negligence. He said: “Let’s take Pretoria for example where there are only two PSL teams (SuperSport United and Mamelodi Sundowns), how do you have six functioning stadiums when they can only play in two? It becomes a waste of resource allocation and paying to maintain venues that are not used.”