THE much-anticipated battle of Abaphansi got tongues wagging on Sunday night as many people didn’t believe the win by Simphiwe “Sbali” Mlambo. The long-awaited fun boxing match between Simphiwe (28) and Thabo “Terrible” Mabhokodo (26), who are living with dwarfism, took place at JD Malinga boxing ring in Katlehong, Ekurhuleni. The two were finishing their fight that began at Katti’s Pub in Katlehong last year when they fought after Sbali called Thabo a child. They had a bar brawl but were stopped and their fans suggested they have a proper boxing match. On Sunday, Sbali knocked Thabo out in the third round with a punch in the chest. Their fight became the centre of entertainment on social media as the referee was also popular DJ Finzo, who also lives with dwarfism. The round displayer was also a dwarf. The fight was streamed live on Howler due to Covid-19 regulations. Sbali told Daily Sun that as much as it was difficult to face Thabo in the ring, he was happy that he knocked him out. “I promised my fans that I’d beat him with a TKO and I did so. He’s stronger than me in terms of body structure but I managed to run around the ring, dodging his punches until I found his chest unprotected,” he said. Sbali said that those who are living with dwarfism must not be ashamed of themselves because God has a plan for them. Terrible told Daily Sun that the war was not over. “I’m not complaining. Sbali defeated me fair and square but I will also defeat him in the next battle, to be staged next month. “I will continue to fight with him to raise funds to sponsor other people living with dwarfism. We also want them to not be ashamed about their conditions, because me and Sbali are not ashamed. “I lost focus and Sbali got an opportunity to knock me out after he was running all over the ring. I’m thankful to all the people who supported our fight,” he said. One of the organisers, Bongumusa Zwane, who is also Sbali’s manager, said as much as people showed interest in the fight, he was disappointed that people didn’t buy tickets to watch it as they promised. “Only about 70 people bought tickets. “We were planning to donate the money to many people who are living with dwarfism, but what we earned we will only donate to both Sbali and Thabo,” he said.