“ENOUGH is enough”. These were the sentiments of thousands of residents in Atteridgeville, west of Tshwane, on Friday. The residents had embarked on a protest, shutting down all businesses from operating and all movement in and out of the township. They blockaded the roads leading into the area with burning tyres and rocks. They then marched to the police station to deliver a memorandum of grievances to station Commander Brigadier Kenny Nkwashu. The protest came after Daily Sun published a story on Monday, following a family that was held hostage by the alleged Quantum gang. The residents said a group that travelled in a Quantum had been harassing them for months. They claimed that the gang regularly entered their houses and robbed them of their belongings. They added that they had, countless times, tried to report the incidents but the police had failed to arrest the gang. Resident Solomon Ndou said they were tired of being held hostage by criminals while the police did nothing about it. He said they no longer felt safe in their own homes. Atteridgeville residents protesting against a quantum gang that has been harassing them for months. pic.twitter.com/koQkD5gMMB  “We are in a crisis that needs urgent intervention,” he said. He added that they needed police to do their job as they were getting paid to. He said they had risked their lives by gathering in large numbers during the pandemic simply because they were in need of police security. When addressing the residents, Nkwashu said he was grateful that they had brought their grievances forward. “I need healthy cooperation with you as a community. Only you can make our work successful,” he said. He added that he was going to look at the complaints and concerns, and respond as per the deadline given by the residents. He acknowledged that some officers were corrupt. “The police are the servants of the community. They cannot be corrupt without a corruptee. The community must stop offering money to the cops. When a cop demands money from you, I will deal with them. But I can only do so if you report them to me,” he added. He urged the residents to help him remove corrupt cops from the station.