PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa has laid down a four-point priority plan which he said his administration will tackle as it grapples with the coronavirus and getting the economic recovery plan implemented. Delivering his State of the Nation Address to a somber National Assembly to a fraction of MPs due to lockdown restrictions, Ramaphosa said the pandemic, accelerate economic recovery plan, implement economic reforms to create sustainable jobs and drive inclusive growth and fighting corruption which he said has weakened the state. He revealed that the government has secured 9 million doses of vaccine from Johnson and Johnson with the first batch of 80 000 arriving next week and others in the following weeks which he said was proven to be effective to the variant that was discovered in the country. He added that while it should not delay the rolling out of the vaccination programme which will target health and frontline workers, it provides choices of vaccines that can be used in the country. Ramaphosa stressed that the success of the vaccination will depend heavily on the collaboration between all sectors of society. "We are greatly encouraged by the active involvement of business, labour, the health industry and medical schemes in particular, in preparing for this mass vaccination drive,” he said. Ramaphosa said the outbreak of the pandemic has in effect literally on what the government had to prioritize last year as budgets had to be reprioritised and programmes deferred. This led to a sharp decline of economic growth and a significant increase in unemployment. The government softened the blow by making available a stimulus package and said Cabinet has decided to extend the R350 grant by a further three months. The temporary employee/employer relief scheme would be extended to March 15 but only those sectors that have not been able to operate. “This has proven to be an effective and efficient short-term measure to reduce the immediate impact on the livelihoods of poor South Africans. “Poverty is increasing and inequality is rising. Unemployment stands at a staggering 30.8 percent. There were 1.7 million fewer people employed in the third quarter of 2020 than there were in the first quarter before the pandemic struck,” he said. On Eskom, Ramaphosa said the government was working closely with the utility to restore it to operational and financial health. Accelerating its restructuring process is central to this objective. He said Eskom has now been restructured into three separate entities for generation, transmission and distribution “Eskom estimated that without additional capacity there will be a shortfall of between 400 and 6000 megawatts in the next five years, as old coal-fired power stations reach their end of life. “As part of the measures to address this shortfall, we will in the coming weeks issue a request for proposals for 2,600 megawatts from wind and solar energy as part of Bid Window 5,” he said He added Schedule 2 of the Electricity Regulation Act will be amended within the next three months to increase the licensing threshold for an embedded generation. Necessary regulations have been amended and the requirements clarified for municipalities to buy power from independent power producers and systems were being put in place to support qualifying municipalities. Ramaphosa also repeated calls to deal harshly with corrupt elements with the government, saying the evidence being led at the State Capture Inquiry has shown how the state has been weakened by corruption. There was now improved co-operation of law enforcement authorities and he will soon be announcing an Anti-Corruption Advisory Council which he said will oversee the implementation of the anti-corruption strategy. The president urged for all hands on deck in rebuilding the country rebuilding our country. “Let us work together as government, as a business, as labour and as all of society to clear away the rubble and lay a new foundation. Above all, let us return this country to the values upon which it was founded,” he said.