A MOZAMBICAN national driver was arrested after a woman was killed when his truck smashed into eight stationary vehicles in a protest drama by angry residents at Badplaas near Barberton, Mpumalanga, yesterday. These included six police cars, one traffic police car, one traffic department as well as one for provincial government. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi told Daily Sun that while police were busy controlling the situation, a woman was fatally wounded after a truck smashed into the cars. “Two police officers also sustained minor injuries after they were attacked during the protest. The protesters started in the early hours of the day, damaging to forcefully engage with a mining company in the area. When their demands were not successful, they blockaded the roads using rubble including tyres, trees and scraps,” he said. “Police received information about the outrageous activities and while trying to calm the situation, protesters pelted stones at them. They injured two members who were later treated for minor injuries. Police continued to subdue the situation and informed motorists to use the alternative Badplaas road. However, they decided to wait for the situation. A truck approached the scene, and police signalled the driver to stop. To their dismay, the driver reportedly proceeded to drive and crashed into eight cars. A woman was seriously injured and succumbed to her injuries,” said Hlathi. He added that police opened a case of public violence and added charges of malicious damage to property. “Police also opened a culpable homicide case against the driver with additional charges of reckless and negligent driving. The said driver, who is a Mozambican national, was immediately arrested. He is expected to appear before court soon. Police and other law enforcement agencies continue to monitor the situation with a view to restore order,” he said. Mpumalanga police commissioner Lieutenant General Mondli Zuma sent a stern warning to the public, saying those who were amused by the desire to make names for themselves in a manner that was against the ambits of the law, should be aware of the repercussions, which would be followed by long-term incarceration.