THE vaccine roll-out started across Mzansi yesterday. In North West, the roll-out was launched by Health MEC Madoda Sambatha at Klerksdorp Hospital. Encouraging healthcare workers, Sambatha said it was important to vaccinate. He made it clear the vaccine wasn’t a cure but helped to protect against the virus. “We need to continue wearing masks, washing our hands repeatedly and maintaining social distancing,” he said. Before getting the jab, Klerksdorp Tshepong Hospital senior clinical manager, Dr Mpho Dikhing-Mahole, said she was anxious. “But I now feel I’m living testimony. I now know I’m protected and wish to see everyone protected,” said Dikhing-Mahole. In KZN, healthcare workers from various hospitals received the jab at Prince Mshiyeni Memorial Hospital in Umlazi, south of Durban. KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala and Health MEC Nomagugu Simelane-Zulu officially welcomed the Covid-19 vaccine at Prince Mshiyeni Memorial Hospital on Thursday. Zikalala said 5 760 vaccine doses arrived at Inkosi Albert Luthuli Hospital. Prince Mshiyeni Memorial Hospital got 5 040 doses.  “Healthcare workers from private and public hospitals will be vaccinated first. All the nurses who work directly with patients will receive the vaccine first. Me and the MEC will also get vaccinated,” he said. He said the distribution of the vaccine will be distributed according to the high number of infections in that facility. Simelane-Zulu said residents have been educated about the vaccine through the department’s programmes, and most of them agreed they’ll take the vaccine. She said the vaccine will be one dose for each person and there won’t be a need for a second dose. Dr Nerika Maharaj (45), who works in the Covid-19 ward at Prince Mshiyeni, said she was happy to receive the vaccine. “We lost a lot of colleagues to Covid-19. We were afraid of coming to work due to the pandemic but had no choice. We’ll be able to work without fear as the vaccine has arrived.”  She said she didn’t feel any side effects after she received the vaccine. “The needle was small. I didn’t feel any pain. I encourage other people to take the vaccine.”  Nurse Sithembile Blose from Umlazi’s D section Clinic said: “I got infected with Covid-19. It was so painful, I thought I was going to die. I’m relieved the vaccine has arrived.” Her colleague, nurse Thokozani Biyela, said: “I trust the vaccine will prevent Covid-19.” Nurses union Denosa’s provincial secretary, Mandla Shabangu, said they welcomed the vaccine as it will save workers’ lives.