PULE Mmodi scored twice to help Golden Arrows register a rare 2-0 win over Soweto giants Orlando Pirates in a DStv Premiership match at Sugar Ray Zulu Stadium on Tuesday evening. Mmodi scored in either half to ensure Arrows overtake Pirates to occupy fourth spot on the league table on 25 points. Although both teams are equal on points, Arrows have a better goal difference and a game in hand. Pirates met Arrows for the second time within two weeks having drawn goalless in another league encounter on 20 January. The teams were hoping to get goals this time since it was their third consecutive draw. This was their 46th meeting with 26 wins for Pirates, while Arrows have only beaten the Soweto giants seven times with 13 matches ending in a draw. Arrows were determined to keep their unbeaten record at home intact having registered four wins and three draws. Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer  made four changes from the team that beat Kaizer Chiefs in the Soweto derby with Innocent Maela and Paseka Mako returning to the side while Siphesihle Ndlovu and youngster Azola Tshobeni also started. Pirates key defender Thulani Hlatshwayo was a notable absentee in the heart of defence as captain Happy Jele partnered Ntsikelelo Nyauza. Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi welcomed back Nkosinathi Sibisi from suspension to add stability in defence in the absence of  Matome Mathiane who got injured in their 2-1 win over Maritzburg United at the same venue over the weekend. The Soweto giants were put on the backfoot for much of the first half with Arrows pushing forward in numbers in search of the opening goal. Arrows caught Pirates defence off-guard with a quick throw in and Pule Mmodi produced a lovely finish to beat Bucs keeper Richard Ofori in the 39th minute. Zinnbauer made two changes after the break as he brought in Ben Motshwari for the injured Nyauza while Gabadinho Mhango replaced youngster Azola Tshobeni in a bid to grab the equalizer. Bucs winger Thembinkosi Lorch missed a penalty that could have brought Bucs back into the game as he ballooned the ball over the bar with Zinnbauer in disbelief. Mmodi put matters beyond Bucs reach when he grabbed his second goal in the 66th minutes as he unleashed a thunderous shot giving keeper Richard Ofori no chance.