ALL eyes will be on Finance Minister Tito Mboweni when he delivers the 2021 budget speech this afternoon, 24 February. Many economists have acknowledged it will be a difficult budget as it comes while the economy’s being battered by the coronavirus pandemic. Mboweni will deliver the budget in the National Assembly after months of lockdown that has cost Mzansi billions of rands in lost tax revenue and led to a decrease in revenue. Politicians and economists agree this is a difficult position Mboweni finds himself in, especially in light of the unemployment statistics which are the highest in years. In balancing his books, Mboweni will need to find the money to fund the vaccine rollout plan and commitments made by President Cyril Ramaphosa during his State of the Nation Address. It remains to be seen where this money will come from, especially when he is being warned not to increase personal income tax and VAT, which could hit the poor the hardest. Although there are fears Mboweni might increase personal income tax, some have warned it wouldn’t be a wise move as workers are already struggling financially and he should rather focus on how to turn the economy around. The other big question is: what measures is Mboweni going to table to minimise debt which, in his medium-term budget, revealed the country was spending a lot of money servicing its debt. Some political parties said they were not expecting any miracles from Mboweni, with ActionSA saying it will reject any notion to raise taxes. The party said Mboweni would be wrong to do that while the government continues to squander billions on wasteful expenditure and turns a blind eye to the looting of state resources under the guise of “emergency procurement” or “economic transformation”. The party said there was no need for Mboweni to raise taxes to fund the vaccines rollout plan as the country could have more than enough if it cuts cabinet. “But cutting the fat requires the political willpower to turn off the taps on patronage networks, defund vanity projects and other wasteful expenditure,” the party said in a statement ahead of the budget speech. It said more funds can still be made available by stopping the looting of state funds through corruption. Cope said the nation can expect nothing but empty promises. The party said if Mboweni wants to convince them he needs to change the economic situation of the country, he needs to, among other things, cut expenditure on levels of government. “Finally if the minister of finance wants to win the confidence and respect of the people and investors, then he needs to tell the governing party that they must stop being afraid to jail their own members when found to be involved in stealing the money of the people. “He must tell them they must stop putting the interest of their party before the interests of the country,” the party said.