ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer is frustrated and disappointed that his charges are not converting scoring chances they create.Pirates suffered a shocking 2-0 defeat to Golden Arrows in a DStv Premiership match played at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Tuesday.The German born mentor is also concerned about his team’s lack of concentration which led to Arrows striker Pule Mmodi taking advantage of Bucs sleepy defence to grab his first goal on the night from a throw-in. The youngster completed his double after the break following another blunder by Bucs defenders. Zinnbauer was also let down by his reliable winger Thembinkosi Lorch who missed a penalty that could have brought his side back into the game.“Difficult (game) yes, bad result. The performance in the first half was not enough so you can win the game. The second half was good, but we have a problem if we don’t score. "You see the penalty is not scoring and the other chances were there. "It’s not enough because we must work from the first second up to the end of game. The opponents worked more harder than before (when the teams drew goalless two weeks ago) and we have to work like the second half.” Zinnbauer revealed that the absence of Bongani Sam in the team also added to their problems.He added: “We made a mistake in defence and they scored. We tried what we can, but we lost the game. It’s not an (lack of) energy problem. We had a problem with Sam, and he was not in, Mako took his role and we changed system second half and it was a better game for us. But if we don’t score, we cannot win. "The second thing is the communication problem between the keeper (Richard Ofori) and Maela (Innocent). Maela thinks the keeper is behind him and makes (pass through) the header, that’s the problem because he made things too easy for the opponent today. Last week it was a top defence work, a better game like in the first half. "He started against Kaizer Chiefs very well and in the first half he was top. This are things we discussed with players, you have to play for 90 minutes.”However, Zinnabauer emphasised that Lorch was not under pressure when he missed from the penalty spot.“It’s not pressure, he scored in the MTN8 the penalty very well, it’s football. You need to have luck in this game, you can play 20 minutes without scoring. "We had opportunities before (the penalty) but we don’t score, so it’s not enough for us (to win the game). I am very disappointed cause it was a game we were supposed to win.”