Toyota’s C-HR received a bit of surgery. But the modern-looking crossover still has its interesting shape, which people might easily mistake for an alien spaceship. The unique-looking car has set tongues wagging since its inception in 2016 but with some people frowning at it, I still love the design.  In terms of the exterior styling changes of the C-HR, the Toyota got pimped. On the front the bumper has been widened, the fog lights have been repositioned and side air intakes are more vertical. The LED headlights are standard on all derivatives (Standard, Plus and Luxury). At the rear, the rather large red tail-light clusters are connected by a gloss black spoiler.  Under the hood is still the turbocharged 1,2-litre petrol engine which generates 85kW and torque of 185Nm. It’s mated with either a 6-speed manual gearbox or continuously-variable automatic transmission (CVT) as per our test car. There was slight lag when driving in normal mode, but not being the biggest crossover, in sport mode the C-HT becomes a different beast with more than enough power to overtake when needed. The C-HR offers a smooth ride complemented by its comfortable seats, and the cornering and handling is a pleasure. Toyota claims the C-HR gets 6,4 L/100 km and we weren’t too far off the mark. Inside the cabin the new C-HR is fitted with a larger 8-inch infotainment screen, which brags with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay capability.  Toyota has also added more safety specifications, the C-HR now has six airbags as standard (previously it only had two). Toyota Safety Sense is also introduced in the Luxury trim. This has features such as blind-spot monitoring, adaptive cruise control, lane keeping assist, lane change assist and rear cross traffic alert. In terms of practicality, the rear passenger space is a bit tight due to its design and unique looks. The load bay offers a claimed 328 litres, which are average figures.  We give the pimped Toyota C-HR a thumbs up as it’s a pleasure to drive, especially in sport mode and the comfort is from another planet. Toyota has recently announced that the GR SPORT model will be on European roads. It will feature a 1,8 litre or 2 litre engine. This review was made possible by Toyota. Pricing: Toyota C-HR Luxury CVT - R495 800