 PATRICE Motsepe has dispelled a few myths about his Caf
presidential candidacy. First, he will not move the Caf headquarters from Cairo to
Joburg, should he win the 12 March elections. Secondly, he will not use his position to undermine or
embarrass Morocco. Unpacking his “Caf 10 Point Action Plan” manifesto in Joburg on Thursday, Motsepe moved swiftly to correct misinformation about his campaign. “Let me correct the misinformation. There is
no intention to move the Caf headquarters from Cairo to Joburg. My candidacy
has got nothing to do with the moving of offices,” said Motsepe. “We are working with Morocco in the interest
of African football.” Motsepe was flanked by sports
minister Nathi Mthethwa, Safa president Danny Jordaan, PSL chairman Irvin
Khoza, Cosafa president Phillip Chiyangwa and Safa honourary president, Molefi
Oliphant. He continued: “It is totally incorrect
that I’ll use my position to undermine or embarrass Morocco. In fact, the
opposite is true. I'm going to use sport to unite Africa. “The rules of Caf are very clear on
interference. I will my 95% rule which says 95%t of the talk
should be about football." Motsepe emphasised the need for the private sector to be
plough back and invest in African football and also reiterated the need to
introduce VAR in Caf senior competitions. The billionaire Mamelodi Sundowns president, in his manifesto plan, included a 10 point plan: 1. Investing in developing and growing football in each African country through sponsorships, private sector and other partners. 2. Improving the efficiency and professionalism of CAF's Competitions and its staff. 3. Implementing and adhering to governance and auditing global best practices. 4. Investing in African football infrastructure. 5. Investing in our youth and in the future of African football. 6. Developing and growing women's football. 7. Protecting the integrity and professionalising referees. 8. Establishing Video Assistant Referees (VAR). 9. Statutory reforms. 10. Partnerships with Fifa and other continental governing bodies. Mthethwa said Africa should be united with no mention of Anglophone, Francophone or otherwise. "Such talk is divisive and perpetuated by colonialism,' he said. PSL chairman Irvin Khoza said the league is behind Motsepe's candidature. Motsepe, a true surprise
candidate of the four, revealed how he was persuaded to run for Caf office. “I’ve got enough challenges and headaches in
my life to run for Caf presidency. When I focus on something in my life it
requires tangible progress. But after several discussions and meetings, I
realised I have a role to play, ” he explained. “The test for me will be the
four years in office. Timelines should be set for programmes. Among the issues
is the TV rights? We spent a lot of money watching African players play in
overseas leagues. But people overseas don't spend their money on our football. “We need better prize monies for our competitions. We will
restructure the Afcon, the Champions League and the CHAN tournament.” Also in attendance were heads of federations,
which included, including Esatwini, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Angola, Nigeria,
Benin as well as TP Mazembe boss Moise Katumbi.    Minister Mthethwa, Dr Patrice Motsepe and COSAFA President Dr Phillip Chiyangwa at the launch of Motsepe's Manifesto at Sandton Convention Centre on Thursday pic.twitter.com/FlmOgNifDj  Patrice #Motsepe flanked by the big guns, Danny Jordaan, Irvin Khoza, Molefi Oliphant, Phillip Chiyangwa and Nathi Mthethwa.#MotsepeForCaf #Sundowns #MotsepeManifesto #Safa @Masandawana @SunSportSA @SAFA_net pic.twitter.com/KNcB9suTwv  