DSTV Diski Challenge youngsters are positive about the Grade 12 exams results! Thousands of pupils from around the country, who sat for the 2020 examinations, are nervously awaiting the release of the results that comes out on Tuesday. Despite the year 2020 being the toughest for them academically, mainly due to the coronavirus pandemic, they believe they did put adequate effort into their schoolwork. SunSport caught up with some DStv Diski Challenge players who are among the pupils that will be getting matric results before planning for their futures.The young players have admitted they are nervous, but confident at the same time. Mamelodi Sundowns Diski Challenge goalkeeper Holomo Mopeli, who did his matric at Clapham High School said: “I believe I did my best during the exams and I am looking forward to Tuesday.”  Siyanda Nyanga, Mopeli teammate who also studied at the same school in Pretoria, said the club was there for them during exam times. He stated: “Ngithukile kancane (I’m a bit nervous) because the year was not an easy one. From not going to school for months, we had to adjust to the new normal under Covid. "But during exam time, the club gave us all the support. We were not even training. The focus was on the exams. I am very positive that we will get the desired result.”  Baroka FC midfielder Thuso Mogale said: “I am happy that I am done with high school and now it is time to look at other challenges. Tuesday is a big day for us matriculants. I’m just hoping everyone will be happy with their results.” Mogale did his matric at SJ Van der Merwe High in Lebowakgomo.  Swallows FC duo, Mkhuseli Rampa and Dean Kruger, echoed the same sentiments, admitting that it was not a usual year. However, that did not stop them from working hard. Kruger added: “I am not thinking much about it. There’s no point in stressing at this stage. I am just hoping for the best. I’m not putting my mind on getting upset.  Other Diski Challenge players who were doing Grade 12 last year include SuperSport United quintet of Sthembiso Kurata, Sbusiso Mazibuko, Ryan Manning, Thato Mabunda and Papi Dikeledi. Cape Town City had four players, Asanda Tom, Waylin Kellerman, Lisakhanyo Mene and Anathi Ngwadla who were doing Grade 12 in 2020.