PITSO Mosimane has been involved in big games in his coaching career. But tonight, he is ascending a much bigger stage as he guides Al Ahly against European giants Bayern Munich in their Fifa Club World Cup semi-final in Qatar. The continent has not stopped buzzing about the former Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns coach since he took the reins at Ahly. Praise singers, as well as critics, have twitted and written at length about his success with the Egyptian giants, notably his double treble-winning heroics in a single football calendar year. However, there’s no doubt Africa will be fully behind Mzansi’s finest coach as his quest to make history by becoming the first coach to take Ahly to the Club World Cup final after they earned bronze in the 2006 finals. But that is no mean feat. In his way stands Goliath in the form of Bayern, who came into the tournament as firm favourites to lift the trophy. After all, they have been invincible under Hans Flick, famously pulverising the likes of Barcelona and PSG on their way to the Uefa Champions League glory. The master of mind games, Mosimane has been quick to shift pressure away from his team… for good reason. “Bayern has got pressure. They must beat us. “We don’t have pressure. So, we are going to have fun,” said Mosimane. “Against Bayern Munich, we should have fun, I think. We have nothing to lose, but everything to gain. “It’s a very difficult match to go and win, against a big team who are champions, who have won the cup, the league and they’ve lifted the Champions League,” “Imagine we win that match our lives would change,” said Mosimane. “Okay, we did the same in Africa, we won the treble but they’re Bayern. They’ve got pressure because they’re expected to beat us.” On a personal level, Mosimane believes his success can be used to inspire future generations in the country. “Can you believe that somebody from the township like me, from the background of apartheid, from the humble beginnings, can be the first person to win the Champions League in South Africa? And win it twice and become Coach of the Year on the continent?” he said. “Well, it is possible.”