MORA than 100 residents of Phuthaditjhaba in the Free State were left homeless on Saturday night, 6 February. This after their homes were flooded following the overflow of Namahadi river caused by the heavy rainfall in the past two weeks. Gogo Mantwa Mokhera (77) from Masimong Village, like many of the affected residents, not only lost her home but her ID, furniture, food and clothes. The residents have been moved to public centres while they wait to be placed in safer areas. They told Daily Sun they wanted the province to declare a local state of disaster in the affected villages such as Mandela Park, Slovo Park, Boiketlo, Masimong and Mphatlalatsane. They pleaded with the Free State government and the business sector to help them rebuild their homes. According to community leader Bigboy Mazibuko, what’s happening now is the consequences of negligence and irresponsible decisions by both the government and traditional leaders. “The victims are living in a high risk areas, closer to the river with watery soil. Unfortunately, it is a tribal land where there was no processes of examining. “And that simply implies an element of ignorance and lack of understanding. We appealed to the government to put us on a state of emergency. I wrote a letter to the office of the Free State Premier Sefora Ntombela asking her to find an alternative land for all people who live in the hazardous areas. Both government and traditional leaders should come up with a long-term solution,” he said. Maluti-a-Phofung municipal speaker Tumelo Thebe said these areas were not allocated for human settlement. He said they wouldn’t hold traditional leaders accountable for what happened but would rather seek a long-term solution as tribal land are legitimate and protected by the Constitution. “We are now looking for a better place for the victims who are affected by the floods,” he said. Meanwhile, South African Weather Service meteorologist Puseletso Mofokeng said more rain was expected throughout this week.