GLADAFRICA Championship side TS Sporting have become the third South African club to become victims of the no-nonsense Fifa ethics committee. Abantu Bemthetho run the risk of being banned from active football for six months should they not meet Fifa’s demands about Mozambican side CD da Costa Do Sol, who lodged a protest against the club. Sporting have been ordered by world controlling body, Fifa to pay the Mozambique side 48,062.31 dollars (about R7.3 million) for the transfer fee of Malawian attacker Chawananga Kaonga. The Mozambican side wrote to Fifa’s Dispute Resolution Chamber late last year for intervention that they felt they are entitled to the transfer fee of Kaonga, as he still had an existing contract with them. According to information gathered by SunSport, when Kaonga (26), who joined Sporting at the beginning of last season, he told them that his contract had run out with Do Sol. But Do Sol disagreed and after referring the matter to Fifa, the world football mother body wrote back to Sporting on 15 December, requesting them to pay. Fifa wrote then that they should pay the money in the next 45 days and if they don’t pay, it warned: “The Respondent (Sporting) shall be restricted from playing in official football matches up until the due amount is paid and for the maximum duration of six months. “They shall be banned from registering any new players, either nationally or internationally, up until the due amount is paid and for the maximum duration of three entire and consecutive registration periods. “The aforementioned bans will be lifted immediately and prior to their complete serving, once the amount is paid. In the event that the payable amount of, as per in this decision, is still not paid by the end of the bans imposed, the present matter shall be submitted, upon request, to the Fifa Disciplinary Committee.” However, a defiant Sporting chairman Slungu Thobela said the club won’t pay them a single cent. He said Fifa allowed them to register the player via International Transfer Matching System (ITMS), which is for a player to transfer between two different football associations. “I am going to fight the case. He was a free agent when he came to us and he didn’t have his clearance. but we got it from Fifa,” said Thobela. Meanwhile, Bloemfontein Celtic are in the same predicament with Fifa as they allegedly owe goalkeeper Patrick Tignyemb’s money as his contract was allegedly unlawfully terminated in 2019. SunSport has seen a letter where Celtic are warned to do the right thing or suffer the consequences. Kaizer Chiefs were found guilty by the Fifa DRC last year and were ban for registration new players for two transfer windows as they didn’t pay Fosa Junior of Madagascar a transfer fee for the signing of Andriamirado Aro Hasina Andrianarimanana. Fifa DRC also docked AmaZulu six points in 2018 after being found guilty of unlawfully terminating Phineas Nambandi’s contract. The Namibian player still had a three-year remaining contract with the club when they let him go in 2014.