WHAT was supposed to be a peaceful search for a missing man turned into a violent mob attack on Monday, 1 February. After Gumani Makhesha (25) went missing, residents of Mutele and neighbouring villages in Thohoyandou, Limpopo, turned violent when they heard rumours that a local sangoma was responsible. They allegedly burnt sangoma Mutshutshu Munyai (59), his son Mushanganyisi (24), Maphanda Thakhani (26) and Mudzhelele Muvhango (38), a friend of Gumani’s who was at the sangoma’s house. DRIVE-THROUGH SANGOMA! All the houses and cars on the sangoma’s property were also torched. On Tuesday night, the police arrested 19 people in connection with the murders. Furious residents responded by attacking the cop shop, breaking windows with stones. Simon Baloyi (40) from Mokumbani-Sanare Village said he helped with the search but was shocked when the mob turned on his friend. “We don’t know why people got out of order and killed people. We called the police to calm the situation but they only arrived after four people had died. On Tuesday, we went to the police station to find out why people who had just helped in the search were arrested. People lost their cool because they police were not attending to them,” he said.  Limpopo police commissioner Lieutenant-General Nneke Ledwaba condemned the attack on Masisi Police Station. “The angry crowd came to the police station, demanding the release of the suspects. They then started throwing stones and damaged two windows,” he said. “Public order police members were called to assist and had to use rubber bullets to repel the crowd. We condemn this violence that is clearly aimed at bringing about lawlessness in the area.  “Community members are urged to assist the police in searching for the missing man and must desist from taking the law into their own hands.” One suspect was arrested for public violence and malicious damage to property. Police were expecting to make more arrests. The 19 suspects arrested on Monday were due in the Musina Magistrates Court on Thursday, 4 February on charges of murder, arson and malicious damage to property.