Like many other companies, the bus industry is taking a serious strain. Just yesterday Greyhound announced they are shutting down operations which will result in job losses. Today Putco announced more bad news that they will be retrenching more than 200 employees. The current economic state has been affected by nearly a year of the Covid-19 pandemic and lockdown restrictions but many believe the companies have long been suffering. Putco confirmed on Thursday that it has arrived at a final figure of 214 jobs to be cut in its retrenchment process, after engaging with unions over the course of months in a process where 300 job cuts were originally planned. As usual social media users analysed the situation and gave their own opinions. @AdvoBarryRoux said: "There’s absolutely no reason for Putco to retrench 214 employees. This bus company is just blaming covid 19 for nothing they're buses are always stuck on the roads you can even find 10 buses stuck on a short distance between Pretoria and KwaMhlanga." There’s absolutely no reason for Putco to retrench 214 employees. This bus company is just blaming covid 19 for nothing they're buses are always stuck on the roads you can even find 10 buses stuck on a short distance between Pretoria and KwaMhlanga.  @AndrewSesha said:" Transport system is becoming worse under Fikile Mbalula. He acts like a taxi owner. His big mouth can not even save jobs. Transport system is becoming worse under Fikile Mbalula. He act like taxi owner. His big mouth can not even save jobs pic.twitter.com/IDWVomsNcT  @Rafee_Gp said:" Putco employees were given a choice between pay freeze or retrenchment so to fund pay raise, so the ancestors at putco voted for the latter bcoz of 1st in last out policy, it's a win-win for them and the new employees are left with no choice." Putco employees were given a choice between pay freeze or retrenchment so to fund pay raise, so the ancestors at putco voted for the latter bcoz of 1st in last out policy, it's a win win for them and the new employees will take the L  