NEW TS Galaxy coach Owen Da Gama believes his side still have room for improvement despite the good form they have been displaying since he took over last month. In four DStv Premiership matches Da Gama has been in charge of the Mpumalanga-based side, they have won two, lost one and drew the other. Da Gama, who joined Galaxy on a three-year contract, was speaking after his side’s impressive 3-0 win against bottom side Black Leopards in their Premiership match played at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday. Since he took over, the 59-year-old has seen his side netting seven goals in three consecutive league games. Galaxy lost 1-0 to Chippa United, followed by a 3-0 win against Maritzburg United and 1-1 draw against Soweto giants Orlando Pirates. And on Saturday, they were ruthless, netting another three goals against Lidoda Duvha. “I think now we can see some light. But I warned my players not to rest on their laurels as we still have a lot of work to do “What pleases me so far is that we are doing well. I have just joined this team and there are a lot of positions we need to improve,” said Da Gama. He joined Galaxy when they were second bottom on the log. Now The Rockets are 10th with 14 games after collecting seven points under the former Moroka Swallows striker. “Our goal is to move from the relegation zone and finish in a good position,” he said. “We don’t want to put ourselves under pressure and say we will finish in top eight. We just want to play good football and see the boys enjoying the game without pressure.” Da Gama also revealed that he might add two or three players during this transfer window period. “We will strengthen the team but only if the players we need are available,” he explained. “But we are not desperate to sign. If we don’t get the players we want, we will continue with the players we have.” Galaxy’s goals against struggling Leopards were scored by Mxolisi Macuphu, Wayde Lekay and Jurry Aubaas. The Rockers will face GladAfrica Championship outfit TS Sporting in the Nedbank Cup last-32 in the Mpumalanga derby at Ellis Park Stadium on Saturday (3pm).