IT’S payback time! That’s how Owen Da Gama will be feeling when his TS Galaxy outfit welcome Bloemfontein Celtic in their DStv Premiership clash at Mbombela Stadium on Wednesday afternoon (3pm). Da Gama will be determined to get back at Celtic who snatched a top eight finish from the fingertips of his Highlands Park team last season. The 59-year-old former Orlando Pirates coach might have moved on, but he has not forgotten. He intends to inflict a painful defeat on Phunya Sele Sele and give them a taste of their own medicine. The Rockets, who are 11th on the Premiership table, would leapfrog Celtic into 10th and move closer to the top eight if they beat Celtic. The two sides are only separated by two points. “We are playing a Celtic team that have done very well,” said Da Gama. “They are above us on the log. There’s something painful that comes to mind now that we will play Celtic. When I was at Highlands Park last season, they beat us on goal difference to finish in the top eight.” The Rockets will enjoy home ground advantage for the first time since mid-January. They have played their last four league matches away, but have managed to avoid defeat. Da Gama’s charges have collected eight points from a possible 12, a healthy return on the road. The likes of Lindokuhle Mbatha and Mxolisi Macuphu have been central to Galaxy’s success during this period. The experienced duo has been reliable for Da Gama, scoring some vital goals. “We’ve just carried on and done what we have to do,” added Da Gama. “Our management and the whole technical team have done well in managing the situation of playing so many away games. “We’ve all been united. That unity is the strength of what we’ve achieved so far. “It is not about the coach, but the unity within the team. Everybody wants to win. “We have taught ourselves not to complain and just get on with it. This is something I’ve personally learnt during my time with the national team. “People don’t realise how many games we’ve played away from home, but we don’t make a big deal out of it.”