EASTERN Cape health MEC Sindiswa Gomba and 11 other accused were released on bail after briefly appearing on charges of corruption, money laundering, fraud and contravention of the Municipal Finance Management Act linked to the Buffalo City Municipality (BCM) Nelson Mandela Funeral scandal. Gomba, Phumzile Mkolo, Zukiswa Veronica Ncitha, Themba Tinta, Luleka Simon-Ndzele, Tembelani Prideaux Sali, Ondela Vatile Mahlangu, Viwe Vazi, Zintle Nkuhlu (a trustee of the Lilly Rose Trust), Nosiphiwo Mati and Nqaba Ludidi were granted bail at the East London Regional Court. Another suspect Dean William Fanoe, whose company Mantella Trading 522 CC will also be charged, did not appear in court as he was adhering to Covid-19 protocols. In December 2014, service provider Mzwandile Sokwali from Victory Ticket pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering after entering into a plea and sentence agreement with the state. He was fined R100 000, with R50 000 suspended, and sentenced to five years imprisonment wholly suspected for five years. Magistrate Annemarie Elliot released the accused on condition that they surrender their passports to the investigating officer, don’t commit any other offence while on bail, don’t communicate with witnesses and report to the investigating officer by phone every Sunday. They were charged together with Vazi and Mati’s respective companies Forty Wings Lodge CC and Mpidos Emergence and Training CC. It is the state’s case that following the death of former president Nelson Mandela in 2013, “a scheme was hatched by the accused to swindle the BCM of R10 million”, according to National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Sipho Ngwema. Ngwema said: “Although R5,9 million was successfully transferred to them, municipal manager Andile Fani halted further payment of R4,1 million.” Ngwema said the day following Mandela’s death before the municipality had an opportunity to officially consider procurement of services for the funeral, Mkolo agreed with Sokwali that Victory Ticket “would submit an inflated quotation for the transportation of mourners to various venues”. Ngwema said Sokwali was also “asked to obtain a quotation from another service provider, for an amount more than Victory Ticket’s quotation”. This was done, and MNI Transport also submitted a quotation to the value of R10 580 000, said Ngwema. “It is alleged that the BCM officials acted with a common purpose to defraud and manipulate municipal procurement processes through illegal deviation in order to ensure the appointment of Victory Ticket. “Furthermore, Nkuhlu, Mati and her company received proceeds of unlawful activities, as arranged between Mkolo and Sokwali,” according to Ngwema. “The plan was, firstly, to mislead the BCM council into accepting that it was expected to make funding available for the transportation of mourners to various venues where memorial services were to be held. Then, to manipulate the situation so that funding could be used for other purposes than what they officially were approved for.” The matter was postponed to 5 March for the defence to obtain copies of the docket and outstanding suspects to appear in court. Eastern Cape premier Oscar Mabuyane said he noted Gomba’s appearance in court. Mabuyane’s spokesperson Mvusiwekhaya Sicwetsha said Mabuyane took the charges against Gomba and the other accused “very seriously”. “Now that Gomba has been charged by the NPA and was released on bail, the premier will look into this matter. He will then communicate his decision to the people of the province. It is worth noting that when the premier appointed Gomba, she was not facing any charges because the NPA provisionally withdrew charges against her,” said Sicwetsha.