Love in the
time of lockdown? Yes please! While the 14th of February may look
different for us this year, it doesn’t mean you can’t do something a little out
of the box to show appreciation for your loved one. “While we may not be able
to celebrate Valentine’s Day the way we’re used to, there’s no reason why the
day shouldn’t be less fun or romantic,” says Su-Marie brand manager for Clere
skincare. With the
heritage skincare brand turning 60 this year they’re encouraging us to pay it
forward and show kindness in all aspects of our lives, especially now in these
uncertain times. “Our #SpreadTheLove motto speaks to this and we’re all for
showing your loved one, whether it be your significant other, family member, or
friend, how much they mean to you this day of love.” So, whether
you're together or apart this Valentine’s Day, or if you want to do a little
something special for yourself (because self-love is equally as important),
here are some stay-at-home ideas to break the monotony of lockdown and have
something to look forward to. Breakfast
in bed – The
ultimate romantic gesture. Wake up before your Valentine and surprise them with
pancakes made from scratch, a summer fruit bowl and some freshly squeezed
orange juice or hot percolated coffee. Who doesn't love a date that requires
minimal effort? Ask each
other questions –
You’ve got the time, so why not get to know your partner even better than you
thought you did? Even if you've been together for years, you'll be surprised to
find there's probably something you didn't know about your loved one. Print out
the New
York Times' 36 questions that psychologists say lead to love and spend some
finding out some interesting stories you may never have known. Plan a
future holiday –
Just because you're staying home this Valentine's Day and, for the foreseeable
future, doesn’t mean you can't dream of faraway places to visit. Spend some
time planning either a real or dream vacation. Play a game – When's the last time you and your
Valentine sat down and played a board game? Pull out those old chess boards and
checkers pieces and challenge your partner to a board game duel. Pick games
specifically made for two players (think Scrabble, chess, or card games) and
enjoy some friendly competition. Create
an at home spa –
Run a bubble bath for your partner with their favourite essential oils. Then,
light some candles, have the moisturiser ready and treat your loved one to a
massage. Clere’s range of lotions and crèmes offer four unique formulations
(Tissue Oil and Pure Glycerine, Triple Glycerine, Pure Glycerine Crème and
Glycerine Gel), all available in different fragrances and catering to the
different skin needs of each consumer. These are Cocoa Butter, Tropical
Coconut, Lanolin & Glycerine, Avocado Milk, Powder Fresh, Rich Musk,
Vanilla Honey Cream and Berries & Cream. It’s the ultimate pamper
party. Order in – You’ve worked hard with breakfast
in bed, so for dinner why not get takeaways from yours and your partner’s
favourite restaurant? Netflix
and chill – While
it may get a rap, if planned correctly, a night in front of the TV watching
your favourite new or old series, can be special. Most importantly, don't
forget the freshly popped popcorn. All
four Clere skincare formulations provide 48-hour moisturisation and contain
Vitamins E & A. The Clere range of crèmes and
lotions are available at all leading retailers at a cost of R34.99 and R21.99,
respectively.