AMAZULU coach Benni McCarthy has applauded his president Sandile Zungu for giving him the authority to choose his own technical team. McCarthy arrived at Usuthi with his own technical team which includes legends such as Siyabonga Nomvethe, Moeneeb Josephs and Vasili Manousakis. McCarthy said it is rare to see a president in South African football give you what you want. He said clubs normally keeps their existing staff to the new coach but it wasn’t case for him as he was allowed to have his people he trust and who would not backstab him. When McCarthy was appointed as Usuthu coach on 14 December last year, he made it clear that he can’t work with then assistant coach Alan Freese and goalkeeper coach Davis Phiri. Both individuals were then shown the door and McCarthy brought in Bhele, whom he played with at Bafana Bafana and Manousakis, who he worked at Cape Town City where they won the MTN8 in 2018. He also brought in Josephs, who he played together at Orlando Pirates, where they won the treble in 2012. This has brought success to Usuthu as they have climbed to seventh on the log table, having won their last four games in all competitions. “Obviously Zungu brought in one of the best young coaches you can get,” said McCarthy about Zungu. “I see he’s passionate man, together with his family. We have to show him what he has invested in. I think it was the wisest decision to allow me to bring people that I need to help this team and build something that people in Durban have never had.” McCarthy then threw shades at his previous chairman John Comitis, who sacked him at City in November 2019 after poor string of results. McCarthy previously said the job at his City was stressful, there was interference, boardroom unplanned meetings. He also revealed that he got to work with people he didn’t want and the club would sign players without his consent. At Usuthu, McCarthy is in the place where he’s loved. “There’s nobody in this country who has been in better places that I have been,” said the man who is the only SA footballer to win the Uefa Champions League with FC Porto in 2004 under Jose Mourinho. “I have seen many things that footballers have never seen. I have worked with people with many footballers have not. The president trusts me in making this team to something like I had with Ajax Amsterdam, something I had at FC Porto. “There’s no interference and that is different working at AmaZulu compare to where I was previously. I wasn’t allowed to have the kind of power that I needed to make a team succeed because other people wanted to share the fame or be part of the success.”