JUGGLING between studies and football is never easy, however, more soccer players are seemingly mastering the art. It is no secret that SA footballers' history is littered with tales of former stars who struggle to make ends meet beyond football. However, the current group of players seem to have realised the need for education when their time in football is up in smokes. Most footballer, especially in South Africa, retire broke and end up being burdens of their own families, most of whom maybe they deserted when their football career was still flourishing. But lately, majority have now grown wise and have learnt from others past mistake. The current players in the PSL want to score top goals outside of their football careers. PROMISE MKHUMA (Mamelodi Sundowns) The 20-year-old from Pretoria promises to be a special asset that Patrice Motsepe (club president) will be proud of when he completes his four-year Officiating and Coaching Science degree with the Tshwane University of Technology. In fact, Promise was encouraged by his uncle Toshia Mkhuma, to continue with his studies. Explains the second year student: "It's great that I'm also supported by my club (Sundowns) who are paying for my fees. Playing for Sundowns has that privilege of being supported when you want to study after Matric." He says Covid-19 lockdowns and all the breaks that came with it made it easy for him, as everything has now turned out to be online, including examinations. "No more classes, we only have some virtual student discussions, which works for me. It all comes from the family." BRYLON PETERSEN (Kaizer Chiefs) He was congratulated by his club this week after completing his BSc Engineering Degree at Wits University. TIYANI MABUNDA (Mamelodi Sundowns) Sugar, as he's known in football circles, is working at completing his Sport Management Degree, and last we checked he was in his final third year. PERCY TAU (Brighton Hove & Albion) The former Mamelodi Sundowns star who has grown to be darling of world football lately bragged, rightfully so about completing his BCom in Bachelor in Commerce with the University of South Africa (Unisa). RIVALDO SOFALA (Mamelodi Sundowns) The Sundowns DStv Diski Challenge defender is in his second year studies doing Sports Management at TUT in Pretoria. CASSIUS MAILULA (Mamelodi Sundowns) Registered with the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT), Cassius is studying towards  Officiating and Coaching Science degree. TSHIRELETSO MOTSOGI (Stellenbosch FC) Known as Tshire to those close to him, and in football circles, the Stellies midfielder has just completed his degree in BSc in Engineering (Metallurgy & Materials Engineering). THABISO LEBITSO (Chippa United) The 25-year-old Lebitso is doing his third year in Sports Management at the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT). Lebitso, who is based in Port Elizabeth, detailed on how he manages to juggle the two. He said: “It has not been an easy thing to do, but we have to do it for a better future. Football is a short-term career, so you need to have something to fall back on after your playing days. There are a lot of challenges when you are studying while you're playing football professionally. It is not easy as it may seem from outside. As for me there are more challenges because at times I have to travel from PE to Pretoria. It is quite difficult because at times I have to travel from here to Pretoria to write exams. I hardly attend classes, but I always make sure I’m up to date." GIVEN MASANGO (TS Galaxy)The Rockets' skipper is juggling the act of his football career with studying B.Com Accounting with the University of Johannesburg. And at his age he is also one for the future. BERNARD PARKER: (Kaizer Chiefs) In 2019 the Kaizer Chiefs veteran completed his Sport Management Diploma with Boston College. With his age and dedication, Parker is surely guaranteed success upon retiring from playing football. OTHER RETIRED PLAYERS WHO'VE BEEN TO SCHOOL INCLUDE: Siboniso Gaxa graduated from Wits University with a degree in Political Science and Social Studies, as well as Sport Management Diploma. Former SuperSport United, Orlando Pirates and Bidvest Wits, Daine Klate, is also from school where he did Accounting. 