THERE’S an air of excitement in Tanzania after the country’s Football Association confirmed Mamelodi Sundowns’s Caf Champions League Group B match against Algerian side CR Belouizdad will be played in Dar es Salaam on Sunday. The Tanzanian FA agreed to host this game after Downs were not allowed to face Belouizdad in Algeria due to concerns over the Covid-19 pandemic in South Africa. This forced Belouizdad to find a new venue and Tanzania agreed to host the Caf Champions League group stage match. However, local fans in Tanzania are delighted the match will be played in their country. Fans lit up social media platforms to say they can’t wait to see Themba Zwane and Gaston Sirino play in Tanzania. This is the second time a local club have been denied visas into a North African country. Kaizer Chiefs were denied entry into neighbouring Morocco to face Wydad Casablanca by Morocco’s health authorities, also in a Champions League group stage match due to the new Covid-19 variant infection in Mzansi. But this has infuriated the SA Football Association (Safa). They wrote to the Confederation of African Football (Caf) by condemning certain clubs, national teams and countries of failing to issue visas regarding travellers from South Africa. Chiefs were left in limbo of not knowing where they will play against Wydad. It has been reported the match will be played in Burkina Faso, also on Sunday. Safa, in a statement, urged Caf to apply its rules and regulations if clubs or countries do not want to travel to South Africa or to allow South Africans into their countries. Safa suggested that if South African clubs are denied visas, then clubs from those countries must forfeit the matches in line with the Caf regulations which were amended before the Champions League and Confederation Cup started. This will be Sundowns’ second group stage match in this season’s Champions League. They beat Sudanese side El Hilal 2-0 in the opening Group B match on 13 February in Tshwane. TP Mazembe of DR Congo are the other club in the group.