The City of Cape Town cleared over 120 000 sewerage blockages in 2020, and has spent millions to fix the blockages. Mayoral Committee Member for Water and Waste councillor Xanthea Limberg said this money could have been saved if people were to stop throwing unwanted items in their sewer systems. Technicians and plumbers were attending an average of 300 sewer blockage-related incidents per day. Condoms, sanitary pads, nappies, tyres, building rubble, rags, newspapers and many other items were found to be the cause of these blockages. “The city spent about R350 million last year specifically due to misuse of the system. This is expenditure that can be avoided through improved awareness and education as well as gradual behaviour change,” said Limberg. She urged people to use their bins to dump solid items instead of throwing them in the sewer system. Limberg added that the illegal discharge of stormwater from rain gutters into sewers also contributed to overflows by overloading the capacity of the pipes. She said though they were trying to do everything to fix the challenges, thugs had always added to the problem. She thanked the maintenance teams’ commitment to fixing the sewer regardless of the challenges they faced. “It hasn’t always been easy. There were times when protest action prevented maintenance teams from accessing areas or illegally erected structures were built over the city’s infrastructure, preventing them from attending to sewer blockages. Sometimes our staff are also targeted by opportunistic criminals while on site carrying out the work. Regardless of these challenges, they attended to, and cleared, just over 122 000 sewer blockages last year, which needs to be commended,” said Limberg. She warned residents that flushing anything other than human waste, toilet paper and cleaning detergent did not only cause blockages, but was also illegal. “Flushing anything apart from human waste and toilet paper is illegal in terms of the Wastewater and Industrial Effluent By-law.”