MOTJEKA Madisha was laid to rest in Ga-Madisha Leolo in Zebediela, Limpopo on Saturday. Madisha tragically died in a car accident in Kempton Park in December last year - a day that his Mamelodi Sundowns side were celebrating their 50th Anniversary in Sandton. The car burst into flames and left the two passengers burnt beyond recognition. It was hard for the Madisha family to accept that the burnt body was that of their loved one and requested DNA results to prove that it was indeed "Ace" who was in that car. With the delays at the laboratories, his funeral was delayed for almost #RIPMadisha Family members and supporters couldn't hold their tears as the Mamelodi Sundowns star is finally laid to rest. The body of Madisha has just been lowered down in an emotional funeral. Video: Tshifhiwa Luvhengo pic.twitter.com/ZzKpT6O0Hq six weeks, with the lab confirming last week that the body was indeed that of the Bafana Bafana star. Sundowns supporters and football officials from across all the leagues - PSL and GladAfrica Champions, as well as politicians attended the funeral on Saturday where speaker after speaker praised the talents of the deceased player. It all started on a chilly morning on Saturday when fans from across the country gathered at the Madisha home and patiently waited for the body of the Bafana defender to arrive home. And they made a guard of honour. There was a lot of singing and dancing when Madisha's coffin was carried by the supporters en route to the burial site. Supporters from Baroka FC, Highlands Park, Orlando Pirates, Polokwane City and colours of Bafana Bafana were visible as they bid the star defender in songs. His closest friend and roommate at Sundowns, Thapelo Morena, revealed his nickname of Madish "Dish Dish". "I met my Madisha in Durban while on national duty with Bafana when I was still at Bloemfontein Celtic. Our relationship grew from there onwards and we became roommates when I joined Sundowns. I want to talk but I don't have power. He was there for me all the time. I will miss him a lot. To Madisha's mother and father, you should know that we lost Madisha together. I will never forget him and I will remember his smile all the time," said Morena. Coach Rhulani Mokwena: "I will never forget his naughty smile and bravery. Madisha was like an ace in in the pack of cards. He was loved because he loved. We hope he rests knowing he was loved dearly. I am glad I was part of his life and thankful to have worked with him and love him. Madisha worked hard everyday as if it was his last day. Rest in peace my son."