ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef “JZ” Zinnbauer says they will find solutions to score goals instead of mourning every week about the absence of strikers due to injury. Pirates travel to Pietermaritzburg’s Harry Gwala Stadium for a date with struggling Maritzburg United in the Nedbank Cup last-16 on Saturday (6pm). They will be without a single outright striker as Gabadinho Mhango, Zakhele Lepasa, Tshegofatso Mabasa, Terrence Dzvukamanja are all out injured. They were joined by Thembinkosi Lorch on the sidelines after he suffered a muscle strain in their 1-1 DStv Premiership draw with SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday. The German coach had to rely heavily on winger Deon Hotto, but the Namibian international looked rusty in front of goal as he missed clear cut chances that could have given his side three points. “Today we have six attackers injured. It’s not easy on the field as we have players who are not typical strikers. “Hotto is a winger and things have changed in the starting line-up as Dzvukamanja also had an injury at our last training session,” said Zinnbauer. “This time the performance is right, but we don’t score. We are not happy, but the squad can do what they can. Eight weeks ago the problem was in our last third, we found a solution. On Wednesday (against SuperSport) we had no power to score. Ben (Motshwari) scored an own goal and Hotto missed two chances in the last minute.We need to improve.” Zinnbauer said his side cannot afford to take Maritzburg lightly due to the fact that they are involved in the relegation battle. He stressed that they cannot afford to give his countryman Ernst Middendorp a slight chance, or he will punish them. Bucs have always enjoyed dominance over Middendorp’s side, having beaten them 11 times with five defeats and seven draws. They beat Maritzburg twice with a 1-0 score last season. In fact, the last time Maritzburg beat Pirates was in December 2016 when they won 2-1. Middendorp admitted they will be faced against a strong team, “but we have prepared adequately”. “We had the experience to play them in the league. “Pirates were dominant in the first half, and we ended up losing 1-0 in the end which was painful,” Middendorp added.