LADYSMITH CBD in the KZN midlands remains flooded, even though the rain stopped days ago. Several shops, a taxi rank and vendors have been affected by the floods. They remain closed because of the knee-high dams in several roads. Residents blame the Alfred Duma Municipality for the mess caused by the flooding. Chairman of the Klip River Taxi Association Bhekuyise Masondo said the municipality was to be blamed for the problem. “Here we have Qedusizi Dam and Klip River. When there are heavy rains and the dam becomes full, the valves leading to the river are opened so that water levels would be lowered but this time the valves are blocked and for that reason, water can’t go into the river. It then floods back to the CBD,” said Masondo. He said had the municipality serviced the valves and made sure they were working, none of this wouldn’t have happened. “Now the problem is that they are going to have to wait for the water to dry up naturally before they could check the valves. We don’t know how many days it’s going to take before that happens,” said Masondo. Alfred Duma spokesman Siyabonga Maphalala said municipal officials conducted an inspection for the past two days and findings showed that heavy rainfall were experienced in the Uthukela district more specifically within the Ladysmith area. He revealed that the problem has confirmed that the Ladysmith Cemetery is also affected by the flooding. “Everyone who has booked a site for burial purposes is advised to visit the municipality and consult with the relevant officials on re-allocation of burial sites, or the identification of alternatives burial sites as a matter of urgency to ensure that our loved ones are buried appropriately and conveniently,” he said. Maphalala said the flooding of the streets in the lower lying areas of the CBD resulted from the stormwater outlets not being able to discharge into the Klip River due to the extreme high river levels. “The current infrastructure is functional and maintained, however, it worth noting that Ladysmith has experienced a Natural Disaster with excessive volumes of water flowing within the river channel, thus not allowing the collection of stormwater and ground water to be channelled and discharged into the Klip River. Once the river levels drop, then the stormwater will self-drain into the river,” he said. Maphalala said a detailed report would be compiled once the river had subsided and damage of infrastructure could be ascertained in respect of roads, stormwater channels, catch pits, drains, tide flex valves and flood chambers.