MANCHESTER United coach Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said his side cannot be considered title contenders after they twice blew a lead to draw 3-3 with Everton at Old Trafford on Saturday. Goals from Edinson Cavani and Bruno Fernandes put United ahead, but sloppy defending allowed the visitors to get back on level terms through Abdoulaye Doucoure and James Rodriguez. Scott McTominay fired Solskjaer’s side into the lead in the 70th minute, but they were stunned in stoppage time as Everton snatched a draw with the last kick of the game from Dominic Calvert-Lewin. “We shouldn’t even be considered as title-chasers,” Solskjaer told Sky Sports. “We’ve got to be better as a team and let’s see where we end up. Going forward, we need to stop conceding easy goals. “When it’s in the last minute of added time it’s very disappointing. I wouldn’t blame anyone on the goals, but we know we can defend better.” But it was a sour ending to his 100th Premier League game in charge. But Solskjaer reacted with a touch of defiance as he praised his team’s prolific scoring, but could not ignore the disappointment of having to settle for a draw which tasted like defeat. “We deserved to win the game but that is football for you. You have to take your chances and cannot concede with every shot,” he told the British media. “First half I did not feel we played particularly well but scored two fantastic goals. You go in at the break 2-0 up feeling we have not hit where we could do. “After 2-2, we played really well then the last kick of the ball kicks us in the teeth and we go home disappointed. We have to focus on improving as a team. “We are scoring more goals, creating chances and you felt you dominated the game and should have won it.” United’s woes were compounded by a thigh injury to in-form midfielder Paul Pogba, who limped off in the first half after appearing to pull something when making a simple pass. Everton manager Carlo Ancelotti was delighted with his team’s effort and stressed they were punching above their weight to stay in contention for a top four finish. “It was like a win but it is just one point,” he said. “We competed against one of the best in the Premier League. We are not at the same level, but we can fight and compete with our qualities. “I am proud of my team. We deserved it, even if we were shy in the first half. We played with more courage in the second half. We attacked and pressed forward. At the end, we deserved to have a point.” United host West Ham United in the FA Cup tomorrow night. – REUTERS