BLACK Leopards assistant coach Lehlohonolo Seema has given a hint that Kosta Papic will be the coach at Lidoda Duvha when his work permit is approved. “It’s really simple, he is going to be the coach. He will be leading me and coach Morgan (Shivambu),” Seema once again reiterated, adding that there is no confusion with regards to his role at the club. The former Chippa United mentor was initially brought in to assist then coach Dylan Kerr, but had to take over the reins after the departure of the Englishman. The club have now recruited the former Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates as the new “technical manager” who will essentially also be the head coach, reading from Seema is saying. The Serbian has been taking training sessions and will also be barking instructions from the touchline once his work permit is sorted. Seema insisted that this new way of working has not caused any confusion, either for himself or the players, and they are all looking forward to working with Papic. Seema, who led Leopards to their third DStv Premiership win of the season against high-flying Golden Arrows on Tuesday, is ready to hand over the reins to Papic. “Of course, coach Papic has come in and we are working nicely with him,” said Seema. “I’m happy to have him around to be honest. There is no confusion at all. “We will just have to learn as much as possible from him. We’re not looking for the head coach position at the moment. We just want to learn and also ensure Leopards collect points and move away from where we are currently. “The relationship between all of us as the technical team is very good. “We are always together at training with coach Papic. We talk and share ideas. If you check, he did not change anything since he came but I’m sure he will tweak a few things here and there once he has settled in.” Leopards’ shock win over Arrows snapped a five match losing run and injected some belief that the Limpopo side can stave off the dreaded relegation axe. But Seema was always optimistic and had seen plenty of positives even when they were losing matches in succession. He insisted that the only way is up for Lidoda Duvha from now on. They turn their attention to another KZN team in AmaZulu, whom they face in the last 16 of the Nedbank Cup at Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday (3pm). “The energy and performances have always been there it’s just that we have been letting ourselves down with our finishing. The players have been working hard and now they know how sweet winning is. I’m happy for them because they deserve it,” added Seema.