KAIZER Chiefs have been denied entry into Morocco where they where scheduled to play against Wydad Casablanca in the Caf Champions League group stage match. Chiefs were set to face Wydad, who won the Champions League in 2017, at Mohamed V Stadium in Casablanca on Saturday (9pm).According to the Moroccan FA statement, the entry denial comes as Mzansi is listed as one of the countries’ hot spots for Covid-19 infection that the North African country has barred to land on their shores. “The Royal Moroccan Football Federation sent a letter to the CAF Clubs Committee informing it that the Moroccan authorities decided not to allow the Wydad Casablanca match with the South African Kaizer Chiefs team to be held on February 13th in Casablanca for the first round of the African Champions League, due to health and safety related to the recent developments of Covid-19.” The game was already in doubt as Chiefs had indicated in a statement a few hours ago. They were supposed to travel to Casablanca on Wednesday but they couldn’t go without the requisite visas.The club then said they will try to get them on Thursday morning via Moroccan Embassy in Pretoria. However, it doesn’t look like Chiefs will get the visas as the Health Ministry in Morocco has now denied them entry into the country. SunSport has learnt that the game will longer be played in Morocco but in another country. Morocco FA also suggested in its statement that this game might take place in another country or be postponed it altogether, and they have informed Caf. “The Royal Moroccan Football Federation called on the Confederation of African Football to postpone the match, or hold it in another country if this is not possible,” continued the statement. If this game is to be played in another country as it looks highly likely, Chiefs won’t be the first team from Mzansi to play a Caf fixture in a neutral venue. Bloemfontein Celtic were denied by the Nigerian authorities to visit Rivers FC in the second leg, first round of the Caf Confederation Cup. The match was played in Benin on 23 January and Celtic lost 3-0 (5-0 on aggregate).