FIGO Tyali from Lower Crossroads in Philippi East in Cape Town, Western Cape, is benefiting from the blocked drain at the Ngqwangi road in the area. Speaking to Daily Sun, Tyali said he had to come up with ideas to make money because of the pandemic. “There are no piece jobs anymore due to Covid-19, so we had to think of other ways to make money,” he said. He did this by directing motorists using Ngqwangi road, and then accepted anything they gave him. “I don’t need a lot of money; they can give me anything from R2 upwards because I am making sure that their cars don’t go into the drain,” he added. However, Tyali said some motorists swore at him. “Those drivers need to stop thinking they are better. I do not like it when they swear at me because I am not robbing anyone,” he said. The little he made helped him buy food.  “There was an Avanza driver who said I was a fool for thinking that they will give me their money. So I kept quiet and didn’t direct him to the safe side. He went straight into the open drain. I then had to help him out, but told him to pay R20 first.” Tyali said the driver didn’t have any other choice because if he wasted any more time, he was going to end up getting robbed or hijacked. “That driver learnt a lesson because he was running away from giving me just R2, but ended up paying R20. They must know that I am not doing this because I am bored. I do it so I can buy something to eat. Not everyone is trying to get money for drugs,” he added. He came up with the idea to help last year after noticing that motorists were struggling. “I stand in the middle of the drain so their cars don’t get damaged. I have never gotten sick.” Tyali said some people said he didn’t smell the kak coming out of the drain because he was always high. “They must stop undermining me. I do smell, but it’s because I don’t have another choice,” he said. An Avanza driver said Tyali was doing a good job because they didn’t know which side was dangerous. “I give him money every day because I respect what he is doing,” said the driver.