FUGITIVE and self-proclaimed prophet Shepherd Bushiri’s daughter has allegedly been denied flight to Kenya for medical care. According to Bushiri’s spokesman Ephraim Nyondo, on Friday, Prophet Bushiri’s daughter was blocked from flying to Nairobi, Kenya to seek medical attention. He said she was accompanied by three guardians and Bushiri and his wife Mary were not part of the delegation. He said the eight-year-old was duly referred by competent Malawi medical professionals to seek further medical treatment and all required immigration details were in place to facilitate her travel through a chartered air ambulance. “Up to date, my office hasn’t been supplied with any information as to why the child was denied the right to lawfully access medical attention after being duly referred by a competent medical practitioner,” he said. Nyondo said the child’s condition remains critical at the same medical facility which referred her to seek further medical attention in Kenya. He said it must be underlined that this was not the first time for the child, due to her medical condition, to be referred to Kenya for medical attention. “The child has been flying there several times and I am shocked with this isolated blocking,” he said. “Shockingly a few hours after the child was denied the right to good health and right to life, Malawi police issued a warrant of arrest for Prophet Bushiri and Prophetess Mary Bushiri. “I still don’t have the grounds for the warrant and, according to the media, even the police haven’t explained the warrant,” he said. He said startlingly, on Sunday morning, Malawi police stormed one of Bushiri’s premises to effect the warrant of arrest, a move which his lawyers challenged through a court injunction. “I have strong belief in the leadership of this country and I am certain that it will positively consider our plea and request that the child must go and have medical care just as she was referred by the doctor. “Having worked with the prophet for many years, I have noticed that he is a man of faith who believes that doctors treat; but it is God who heals. He believes the child has a right to life and access to medical attention just as any other citizen,” he said.