The Economic Freedom Fighters leader Julius Malema will meet former President Zuma for a “cup of tea”. The red overalls leader posted on Twitter asking Zuma to meet with him “urgently” a request that Zuma accepted. @PresJGZuma can we please have tea urgently?  Msholozi accepted and asked Malema to come to his home in Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal. Thobela Moshabi, I have seen your request to share a cup of tea. As you know, Nkandla village is home for me and that is where my time is spent these days. Tea I have plenty of, you are more than welcome to come over for a cup,” said Zuma in response.  Thobela Moshabi. I have seen your request to share a cup of tea. As you know, Nkandla village is home for me and that is where my time is spent these days. Tea I have plenty of, you are more than welcome to come over for a cup. https://t.co/7Okdw94WAH   Malema thanked Zuma for accepting his request meet him and promised to finalised the details of the visit with Mzwandile Masina. “Thank you Baba, I will make a plan to arrive, possibly this weekend. I will take it further with your young man @mzwandileMasina for final details. Thank you for accepting my request promptly. It is in the best interest of our country. Folded hands,” said Malema  Thank you Baba, I will make a plan to arrive, possibly this weekend. I will take it further with your young man @mzwandileMasina for final details. Thank you for accepting my request promptly. It is in the best interest of our country. ????    The developments came after the Constitutional Court ordered Zuma to appear before the Zondo Commission. This week a statement released by Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma Foundation on Monday, Zuma defied the highest court’s order and said he was not scared of being arrested. “If this stance is considered to be a violation of their law then let their law take its course. I do not fear being arrested. I do not fear being convicted nor do I fear being incarcerated,” said the former President. Meanwhile, the ANC’s secretary-general Ace Magashule said people should leave Zuma alone because he has not done anything. He said calls for the suspension of the former President to be suspended from the party are misplaced as Zuma “believes in what he believes in” and it doesn’t warrant dismissal from the party.      