MAMELODI Sundowns are two games away to equal their record of being unbeaten in the league. Sundowns, who have won the last three league titles, are sitting pretty on top of the DStv Premiership table with 36 points from 16 league games played. In those opening matches, in which they are unbeaten, they have won 10 and drew six. Sundowns set the longest unbeaten league record in the PSL in the 2015-16 season. They went 18 league games without a loss. However, that record happened after losing two of the opening four games then. If they win the next league match, they are set to equal that of 17 league games of Orlando Pirates under Kostadin Papic that happened in the 2004-05 season. That Pirates record happened in the opening games. Sundowns’ unbeaten sequence that happened almost five-years ago started on matchday five when they beat Ajax Cape Town 3-2 on 23 September 2015. It went on before losing 3-1 to Bloemfontein Celtic on 16 March 2016. In that season, Sundowns smashed the best PSL points tally of 71 which is the highest since the PSL reduced the team numbers from 18 to 16 teams ahead of the 2002-03 season. Sundowns were set to equal Pirates’ 17 league games against the sorry Maritzburg United on Saturday. However, this game has been postponed. The tenth-time league champions are likely to equal it when they visit Stellenbosch FC at Danie Craven Stadium on 2 March. With Stellenbosch having not beaten Sundowns in seven games in all competitions since they were promoted to the PSL top flight at the beginning of last season, the win looks guaranteed for the trio of coaches (Manqoba Mngqithi, Rulani Mokwena and Steve Komphela). If they win that game, the Tshwane giants are set to equal theirs (of 18 league games unbeaten) when visiting their fellow unbeaten side Swallows FC at Dobsonville Stadium on 10 March. With how these two sides fared in Pretoria which Swallows scored a questionable late goal in the game to salvage the point, Sundowns are the favourite to keep this season’s unbeaten streak unblemished. There have been talks that Sundowns may go unbeaten the whole season but Sundowns coach Mngqithi has played this down.