THE mere fact that our referees are poor is no longer a debate. The question rather is: for how long will local football continue to be subjected to comical errors and dubious decisions from incompetent match officials? Not a single PSL match goes without a questionable decision. Whether it’s a missed penalty decision or a player being wrongly ruled offside, our officials are always competing with the players for the “man of the award” with their diabolical performances. Radio and TV shows as well as tavern conversations have discussed and debated at length the malaise that is afflicting professional football. Everyone, except, of course, Safa, seems to appreciate the gravity of the situation. Just this week, Safa head of referees, Abdul Ebrahim, was at pains to explain match officials are not poor, but that they make mistakes just as the players do. What claptrap! Mistakes are part of the game. Yes. But what we’ve been seeing in the PSL lately is inexcusable. The less said about the decisions which would make even Ntambindila wa Ntambindila cringe, the better. The task is way too enormous for the officials and most of them are clearly out of their depth. Sanctions are not enough. In fact, the mere fact that Safa referees review committee recently suspended as many as four officials underlines utter incompetence. According to Ebrahim, the criticism of referees is harsh. He reasons that the review committee doesn’t only focus on the talking points. They review matches holistically and go through segments through a fine-tooth comb, and it is the outcome that informs their decision to act against officials whose performances are below par. If that was indeed the case, the Safa referees’ panel would have no match officials left to officiate games. However, something’s got to give. And since VAR is not an option for Safa, the association will have to find ways to improve the skills of referees to better equip them to make correct decisions. Fitness tests, endurance examinations and the time match officials spent in the classroom updating themselves on changes to the laws of the game every January, cannot be enough. The consequences of poor officiating are far-reaching. Coaches get fired and players get dropped. Match officials don’t suffer huge losses except for a few bucks through suspension