MOEKETSI Sekola has disclosed his BIG secret with Jomo Sono. It is a secret that he has kept to himself that "Bra J" gave him a call that changed his life forever. That was at a time when his stint at Real Kings was almost consigned to the dustbin of history. “I got a surprising call from Bra J in mid-October inviting me to come over,” the forward recalled. “Unfortunately, I couldn't make it because I had a ritual fest that was due on 31 October. So I had to wait. On the first of November, that's when I started training. The rest, as they say, is history.” It has proven to be quite a masterstroke for club and player. Both harbour ambitions of a return to the topflight after years in the unfashionable first division. “My secret is hard work,” said a rejuvenated Sekola. “It’s my secret trying to make up for the lost time. Before I came to Cosmos, I was out of action for about 10 months.” Injury and the lockdown halted his progress. “Cosmos are a hard working team. They have always been known for that. So what's out there is the results of hard work behind the scenes.” He would be the first to admit swooping one club for the other at every turn is detrimental to consistency. “I've been moving around a lot. I wouldn't say I'm settled yet. The day we are back in the elite league I think that's the day I’m going to be settled,” the player acknowledged. While Sekola is confident of Cosmos’ prospects in the title challenge, he is worried of the horrendous home run wrecking their return to the lucrative league. Sono’s team have been woeful at home, where they are winless in all seven matches. “We are working very hard to change our fortunes in our home ground,” said Sekola. In one of the tightest starts to the first division, Cosmos are fourth in the 16-team standings. They have the troubled Bizana Pondo Chiefs next in their next assignment on 14 February. But before Cosmos will face Black Leopards in the Nedbank Cup last-32 stage Olen Park, Potchefstroom on Sunday. Sekola rated Cosmos’ prospects: “That (promotion) is the ultimate goal for each and every team in the GladAfrica Championship. It’s no different to us. We are taking one game at a time.”