Impala 
Platinum has declared a record interim dividend and plans to invest R10 
billion in the expansion of its existing projects to bolster output - 
with a focus on shallow and mechanised operations. The platinum 
producer - which also has operations in Zimbabwe and Canada - said on 
Thursday it will spend R5.7 billion on its Two Rivers mine in Limpopo 
and another $290 million (around R4.3 billion) on Zimplats, its Zimbabwe
 operations. The expansion of the Two Rivers mine, which is a a 
joint venture between African Rainbow Minerals and Implats, is expected 
to take place over the next four to five years, and the Zimbabwe mine 
investment will involve the expansion of its two biggest shaft, as well 
as a new concentrator plant for $70 million. CEO Nico Muller said 
the producer, like its peers, has been buoyed by higher commodity prices
 and a favourable exchange rate. It is also eying other growth projects,
 including organic opportunities and brownfield projects, where it 
stands greater value prospects. "When it comes to external 
opportunities, we reiterate that we will be prioritising mechanised, 
shallow and lower-risk opportunities," said Muller. He pointed to 
Implats' 15% interest in the Waterberg project, adding that it is 
opportunities similar to that business which the company will favour. "It is highly unlikely that the company will get into another deep-level conventional prospect." Mining
 companies have enjoyed the up-cycle in commodity prices with a growing 
number unveiling growth projects and paying out dividends. Revenue increased Implats'
 revenue for the six months to end of December increased by 107% to 
R58.12 billion, while headline earnings reached R14.4 billion, after 
gaining 328% compared to the corresponding period. The improved earning 
allowed the group to generate a gross profit of R22.37 billion, compared
 to R6.17 billion in the first half of 2020. This left a free cash flow of R20.1 billion, up 304%. Muller
 said the record free cashflow allowed Impala to make a "series of debt 
repayments and targeted transactions to strengthen financial 
flexibility" and secure sustainable shareholder returns. The group's R10 interim dividend was double the amount declared in the previous full financial year. The company forced in May to temporarily shut down its Marula operation after a discovery of a "cluster" of Covid-19 infections. "The
 factors driving current and future PGM [platinum group metals] demand 
and the characteristics of the economic impact of the pandemic continue 
to support our view that, ultimately, the impact of Covid-19 will be 
cyclical rather than structural in nature." It forecast  a strong 
rebound in both the demand and supply of platinum group metals in 2021, 
with a short-term deficits in palladium and rhodium to be moderated by 
the anticipated release of in-process concentrate inventory accumulated 
in 2020. Various producers have reported a strong performance in 
palladium and rhodium and their demand is largely driven by the global 
automotive sector, where the metals are used in catalytic converters to 
reduce exhaust gas emissions. Fin24