THERE seems to be a serial rapist on the loose in Ekurhuleni, and cops have asked the public to help find him. The suspect is said to have been terrorising women in Benoni, Daveyton, Etwatwa, Putfontein and Crystal Park. The similarities in the way the women were attacked led cops to believe the same evil man was behind this. The victims who were between the ages of 12 and 20 were apparently threatened to behave. According to the police, they were investigating cases from as far back as 2012. A 19-year-old victim from Daveyton told Daily Sun she was raped last June. “It was getting dark when I was walking home from the mall. As I passed the veld, a man appeared from nowhere. He showed me a gun and told me to keep quiet if I wanted to live.” She said in the veld, he demanded she remove her clothes. “Then he raped me,” she said, adding that when he was done, he told her to run and never look back. I ran until I got home. Even though I’m happy he did not kill me, a part of me died in that veld. I want justice.” A 20-year-old from Benoni was also raped in the same way. She said she had visited a friend in February 2018 and while walking back home, a man threatened her with a gun and then raped her. “That man is a monster. He doesn’t deserve to be in the community. His place is in hell,” she said. Captain Mavela Masondo said cops were investigating a rape that took place in Crystal Park, Ekurhuleni, on Monday. “We have offered a cash reward to anyone who can assist with information. “It is alleged the same suspect may also be behind the attempted rape of a woman in Crystal Park on Monday, as well as a rape that took place in Etwatwa last week,” said Masondo. He said they believed a man captured on camera on Tuesday at Chief Luthuli informal settlement in Crystal Park might be able to assist police with information relevant to the investigation. The man was seen walking with a girl (15) from Chief Luthuli. The girl was raped. The women have given an identikit of a man. A member of the community also took a photo of the man while walking with a girl. Anyone with information is urged to contact Warrant Officer John Mokoena on 071 675 6166 or CrimeStop on 08600 10111.