LIFE in the farms is hard... And Swallows FC star Njabulo Ngcobo bears testimony to that. He confesses that his upbringing was not easy, he didn’t have it life any kids in the townships. His upbringing toughened him up. And with this, he made a promise to his mother that if he becomes a professional footballer, he will not disappoint her. Ngcobo, born in Folweni in KwaZulu-Natal, used to pay 50 cents to watch PSL matches in his neighbourhood.  Now it's paying off as the 26-year-old defender is on top of his game in his first season in the DStv Premiership with Swallows FC. He was signed by the Dube Birds at the beginning of this term from Uthongathi FC. He is now reunited with coach Brandon Truter at the Soweto club. The two were together at Richards Bay. He is calm and composed and appears like a player who has been playing at the PSL top-flight level for a long time. The proof of that is the fact he has played in all the Birds league matches this season without being substituted and has scored once. “At home, things weren’t bad and you know growing up on the farm, most of the time TVs weren’t around,” said Ngcobo. “We were not exposed to so many things. So football was the only tool to keep ourselves busy. There were so many things I had wished to have in my life that I didn’t get and I think that has had an impact on my game. “It has pushed me to work hard and ensure that my own kids don’t go through what I went through.”  Success was inevitable for Ngcobo. He spent just days in AmaZulu’s development programme before he was promoted by then coach Joel Antipas in 2016. This after the Zimbabwean coach was impressed when he watched the Usuthu development side play against UKZN. In his first season with Usuthu in the 2016-17 season when the club was campaigning in the GladAfrica Championship, he featured in 20 games. Ngcobo's PSL dream has come true and he is happy to be playing again under Truter for the new-look Swallows. It has been a success story for both coach and player.