THE KZN government has set itself eight key priorities to focus on in the coming financial year. Among these priorities are basic services, job creation, growing the economy, growing SMMEs and cooperatives, education and skills development, human settlement and sustainable livelihood, building a peaceful province as well as a caring and incorruptible government. This was according to Premier Sihle Zikalala at the State of the Province Address on Friday. Touching on education, Zikalala said as the country moved towards the Fourth Industrial Revolution, more than 200 schools would take coding and robotics as part of the curriculum in grade 8 and 9. “Our schools must also teach entrepreneurship. We’ve already piloted the programme in King Cetshwayo. We’re going to upscale to include more districts in 2021/22,” said Zikalala. He added that they were going to accelerate the renovation of schools to intensify the decrease of pit toilets. Talking about Covid-19, Zikalala said the province had also felt the pinch when it came to the pandemic, revealing that as of Tuesday, it recorded a total of 327 760 positive cases since the outbreak last March. He said the province had also recorded 9 549 deaths and 309 113 recoveries. “We extend our gratitude to our front line healthcare workers who continue to risk their lives to save ours,” he said. He further called on all leaders to help eradicate widespread myths about the pandemic and vaccine. “KZN received 10 800 vaccines in the first phase, and we’ve vaccinated 7 337 healthcare workers,” he said. He added that this year, the provincial health department would focus on improving clinical governance and compliance systems, establishing a properly resourced health compliance and accreditation unit as well as strengthening the primary healthcare re-engineering and systems. He revealed that there would also be a number of housing projects in some municipalities across the province. Among the municipalities to benefit were Newcastle, uMhlathuze and eThekwini. He didn’t leave behind the issue of fast-tracking transport infrastructure. “Our government will be spending over R23 billion in the next three years, mainly in engineering design, construction of new roads and maintenance of existing road network,” said Zikalala. He said they were planning to upgrade 352km of new roads from gravel to tar, build 26 car and 26 pedestrian bridges. He added that they would continue to support agriculture and small-scale black farmers to optimise the full potential of this sector. The agriculture and agro-processing master plan, establishment of mega-nurseries and agronomic seed production, commercialisation of goat farming and livestock value chain were among other programmes that they had already started working on. He said through all these programmes, thousands of jobs would be created.