When the
Covid-19 pandemic forced schools to shut down and go digital, matric Class of
2020 pupil Luke Griffin found himself at a huge advantage because he had been
studying online since he was in Grade 10. Griffin
hoped that his seven distinctions and 99% for Mathematics would change people's
perceptions of online learning. "Many
people are wary of online learning because of the negative experience of 2020,
because, like I said, it was thrown at them without them wanting it or knowing
how to use it. I hope that my results are a testament that online learning can
be effective and you can achieve great results through it," said Griffin. Griffin,
who is from Pietermaritzburg, has been homeschooled his whole schooling career
and in Grade 10, he started attending online classes with the Hatfield
Christian School in Waterkloof Glen, Pretoria, which offers in-person and
online learning. "The
reason I started online schooling was because as you get to the later grades,
you need a teacher's input. For every subject, you need someone who knows the
curriculum very well. All my teachers were an email away," he said. With the
very real possibility of schools never fully going back to exclusive in-person
learning, Griffin's advises: "Don't underestimate the amount of resources
there are online. With my classmates who have been doing online learning with
me, I found that many of them don't utilise the resources they have. There is a
lot online. There are podcasts, YouTube tutorials and online textbooks. There
is so much and I think many people don't use the resources they have...I don't
think it's difficult to go out and look for all of them, but I can say it's
definitely worth it," he said. Griffin is
planning to study actuarial science at the University of Stellenbosch and
believes that the more things change for him, the more they will stay the same. "I am
very excited for the change of learning environment but at the same time, there
is going to be more online learning than there was in the past and I think in
that sense, again, my online schooling is going to be an advantage for
me," he said. SOURCE:
NEWS24  