Dwaine Pretorius produced the best Twenty20 International figures by a South African to help the Proteas draw level at 1-1 with Pakistan thanks to an excellent six-wicket win in match two at the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore on Saturday. The all-rounder claimed five for 17 in four overs as the tourists restricted their hosts to just 144 for seven after winning the toss and bowling. Reeza Hendricks and Pite van Biljon then struck 42 apiece – the visitors comfortably chasing down the target with 22 deliveries to spare. It means that three-match sequence will be decided when the final game of the tour is played at the same venue on Sunday. But match two was all about Pretorius. Playing in his 13th T20I, the 31-year-old was in stellar form as he smashed his previous best international figures of one for 12 and beating Ryan McLaren’s record of five for 19 against West Indies at North Sound in 2010. He was outstanding from the outset with his tight lines and length asking some real questions of the home side. Pretorius’ first wicket came in the second over when he got one to nip back and trap Pakistan captain Babar Azam leg before wicket for five. Andile Phehlukwayo (1/31) and Tabraiz Shamsi (1/16), another man that was in superb form, then claimed a wicket each to leave the hosts on 48 for three in the seventh over. Mohammad Rizwan was the only man that was making most of the runs at the other end, the match one centurion adding a strong 51 (41 balls, 6 fours, 1 six) to his tally. Once he fell to a Pretorius slower ball, Iftikhar Ahmed (20) and Faheem Ashraf (30* off 12 balls) helped their side to a respectable, albeit modest total. Janneman Malan (4) and Jon-Jon Smuts (7) did fall early in the Proteas’ chase to give the home side hope. But Hendricks clubbed three sixes and three fours in his 30-ball salvo and van Biljon crashed three sixes and two fours in his innings that lasted 32 balls to knock the spirit out of Pakistan. It was also the highest score by the latter in his sixth T20I, although both fell with 40 still to get. David Miller (25* off 19 balls) and skipper Heinrich Klaasen (17* off nine balls) then finished the job to give the South Africans their first win of the tour.