ROB Ferreira Hospital healthcare practitioners have said getting the vaccine released their fear and stress. This followed the launch of the Johnson & Johnson vaccines at the hospital in Mpumalanga on Friday. The programme was launched by premier Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane together with health MEC Sasekani Manzini. Dr Jeshika Moodley received the first jab, telling Daily Sun that she was excited. Dr Moodley, who had tested positive for Covid-19 last July, said she didn’t want to get it again. “Mine was mild, but some of my colleagues were not as lucky as their symptoms were much more severe,” she said. “We were very excited when the vaccines were announced as we had been waiting. I registered as soon as we were able to.” Dr Moodley encouraged her colleagues and members of all communities to also take the vaccine. Meanwhile, medical intern Rimone Stuurman said he had tested positive for the virus. “I had fear for my family too. So, getting this vaccine will release fear and stress around me. Think about your health and family, and do some research on the vaccine if you are not happy about it. But do go on and get it because this pandemic is not about you as an individual. It is about everyone around you as well as society as a whole. We need to protect everyone, especially the elderly and those secondary to this virus,” he said. At least 3 600 jabs were received in the province at the Rob Ferreira and Witbank Provincial hospitals. Mtshweni-Tsipane said the faster they expedited the process of injecting healthcare workers, the more they were going to get. “We are looking at a region of over 56 000 workers who must be injected. We are also catering for the private sector. We have already scheduled for about 74 general practitioners and specialists, from our private hospitals and practices, to get vaccinated on Sunday,” she said. “We are happy with the manner in which things are unfolding. Healthcare workers are at the forefront in terms of being exposed to this virus, so politicians need to stand back and allow them the opportunity. It’s only fair for them as they have been persevering all along, making sure to steer the ship against all odds. It will be unfair of us to put ourselves before them,” she added.