A FEMALE (44) drug dealer was arrested for being in possession of dagga in Wallacedene in Kraaifontein, Cape Town. Colonel Andrè Traut said the Provincial Integrated Team operational intelligence received a tip-off about the crime operation at an identified drug house in Kraaifontein. “The information turned out to be spot on when a female drug dealer was arrested in possession of dagga with a street value exceeding R6 000, and R27 843 cash believed to be the proceeds for her drug trade,” said Traut. The woman was expected to face a charge of dealing in drugs in Blue Downs Magistrates Court. Resident Lindelwa Mgoduka said cops had done a great job. “A lot of people sell drugs in our township. We are afraid to report them because we don’t trust cops anymore,” said Mgoduka. She said they were being terrorised by kids who were addicted to drugs. “If they were not selling drugs, we wouldn’t have so much crime in our country. Yes, they are not forced to use drugs, but they do so because they are available,” said Mgoduka. Another resident said people had lost their jobs while some had never worked because of the high employment rate. “People are desperate. They do anything to get money, including selling drugs. Some have diplomas and degrees, but they are sitting ekasi doing nothing,” said the resident. He added that some people did not sell drugs by choice. “I am not saying selling drugs is good, but people are desperate. They must arrest the big guys who deliver to the ones ekasi,” said the resident. Another resident Monwabisi Kamteni said most parents were in debt because of drug addicts. “I was happy when I heard that a drug dealer got arrested. But it won’t go far because after a few days, she will be back selling drugs again,” said Kamteni. He said the only thing that would make people stop committing crime was if the government gave them a harsh punishment. “Our government is too lenient. Police officers are doing everything to catch these guys, but the courts let them go. They just come back and continue selling drugs,” said Kamteni.