HOW many more people must drown or die in this river before
our plea of being built a better bridge gets attention? These were the words of a family member whose loved one
drowned in Ntinini River in Nquthu, northern KZN on Thursday. Mzwandile Khuzwayo (31) from oGazini Village was washed away
while he was trying to cross after returning from a local tuckshop which is
across the river. His lifeless body was only recovered on Saturday, several kilometres
from where he drowned. His uncle, Mbongeleni Ngema said it was painful losing
Mzwandile in such a brutal manner. "We as residents of these two villages, oGazini and
Ntinini have been bringing up the issue of the bridge now and again over the
past years but our please is not getting any attention," said Mbongeleni. He said all the government can do is bringing in technicians
who come and view the area and take photos and that will be it. "We don't see anything developing out of those photos
they come and take. Our loved ones continue to drown in this river. Some are
lucky because they survive but some are not because they die," said Mbongeleni. He said even though his brother is the latest statistic,
they are grateful that his body was recovered. "The body of another resident who drowned about a year
ago was never recovered and its a pain for the rest of us as residents,"
he said. He said just in December, a van and a taxi also drowned in
the same rive but the occupants luckily made it out alive.  Ward councillor, Mbongeni Mnguni confirmed that the river
keeps giving residents the problem. "Because the shops and schools are on the other side of
the river, so residents are forced to cross this river to get to shops and
schools.” “When there are heavy rains like the one, we had on
Thursday, residents get in trouble. The matter has been tabled before relevant
authorities but nothing solid has been done yet," said Mnguni. KZN police spokeswoman, Captain Nqobile Gwala said an
inquest docket is being investigated by Babanango SAPS after a body of a man
was found following a drowning. "The circumstances surrounding the incident are being
investigated," said Gwala. KZN Transport spokesman Kwanele Ncalane said: "With all
the heavy rains that we have seen in our province lately, we are working on
distributing teams that will go throughout the province and examine all the
bridges that we have and make recommendations on how we can improve or renovate
them and make them meet the required standards as a result of changing
weather."