HE always dreamt of traditional clothes and water, and wanted clarity. So Bongani Mazala consulted a sangoma in October for help. Little did he know he would find himself committed to ukuthwasa, which turned his life upside down. The 49-year-old from Orlando East in Soweto told Daily Sun that he went to a sangoma he had known since he was a kid. The sangoma then told him he had a calling. “I understood that, but I had no intention to thwasa because I was not ready,” said Bongani. The sangoma then told him they needed to visit her gobela for more clarity. The gobela interpreted his dreams, making it clear he was born a sangoma. “They took me to the main house where drums and amabhayi were put in place and some muthi was burning. “I didn’t know they were preparing to start with my initiation journey,” he said. Bongani said he was covered with a white sheet and forced to call out the spiritual name he would be identified with. “I ended up calling out a random name because I was tired from the noise and pressure. I was told I couldn’t go home. I didn’t have any money, so they bought the things I needed.” Then things started changing. He had recently started a job, but lost it four days after training. “I collapsed at work and was taken to hospital. I never went back after being discharged.” Bongani now suffers from severe headaches and his vision is blurry. “I’m short-tempered and my wife can’t stand to see me like this,” he said, adding that he asked for help from a sangoma who could remove the bad muthi from his system. Bongani’s wife, who wanted to be identified as Amanda, said she was unhappy. “He has not been the same since he went for consultation, and he’s angry. I want my old Bongani back.” The sangoma said she was only trying to help. Sangoma gogo Maliyavuza from the CRL Community Council said what happened was unheard of. “You don’t put someone under a white sheet or initiate them without informing the family. Izangoma get away with wrong things, and it needs to stop.”