THE Springboks will kick off the defence of their 2023 Rugby World Cup crown on Sunday, 10 September 2023 against Scotland in the Stade Vélodrome in Marseille, it was confirmed when World Rugby officially revealed the dates and venues during a live online event in Paris on Friday. The defending Rugby World Cup-champion Springboks were drawn in pool B for the next edition of the four-yearly global showpiece, to be hosted in France – where the South Africans lifted their second world crown in 2007. A week after their opening 2023 RWC match, the Springboks will line up for their second pool match on Sunday, 17 September against a yet to be determined opponent from Europe (Europe 2) at the Stade de Bordeaux. And another six days later, on 23 September, the Boks and Ireland will clash for the first time ever at a RWC when they meet at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis on the outskirts of Paris, the scene of South Africa’s memorable triumph over England in the 2007 final. The Boks then return to Marseille for their last group match against an Asian-Pacific 1 qualifier in the Stade Velodrome on 1 October. Springbok coach Jacques Nienaber welcomed the confirmation of the 2023 RWC match dates and venues and said it will now give more direction in their advance planning for France.“Friday's announcement is a very important milestone in our planning phase for the 2023 Rugby World Cup,” explained Nienaber.“With the match dates and venues now confirmed, the coaching and management staff have a very clear idea of the overall squad preparations and logistics. For instance, the schedule gives clarity on the number of turnaround days between matches, which in turn will influence our player welfare strategy for the squad.“And because the game venues have been allocated, it means we can kick on with more intense planning around our logistic operations for items such as team base camps, ” added Nienaber. The 2023 RWC showpiece starts on Friday, 8 September and the final is scheduled for Saturday, 28 October 2023 in the French capital of Paris.2023 RWC POOLS SCHEDULE (kick-off times TBC):Sunday 10 September - Springboks vs Scotland Stade Vélodrome, MarseilleSunday 17 September - Springboks vs Europe 2 Stade de Bordeaux , Bordeaux Saturday 23 September - Springboks vs Ireland Stade de France , Saint-Denis Sunday 1 October - Springboks vs Asia-Pacific 1 Stade Vélodrome, Marseille TOURNAMENT FORMATPool phase:The pool phase will consist of a round-robin in which each team shall play each other within the pool once. There will be 10 matches played in each pool, for a total of 40 matches in the pool phase of the tournament.QuarterfinalsThe quarterfinals will take place in Stade Velodrome in Marseille and Stade de France in Paris on Saturday 14 and Sunday 15 October. Stade Velodrome will host QF1 and QF3, while Stade de France will host QF2 and QF4.The sequence of play is as follows:QF 1 - Winner Pool C v Runner up Pool DQF 2 - Winner Pool B v Runner up Pool AQF 3 - Winner Pool D v Runner up Pool CQF 4 - Winner Pool A v Runner up Pool BTeams winning quarterfinal matches qualify for the semi-finals and teams losing quarterfinal matches will be eliminated from the tournament.SemifinalsThe semifinal matches will be contested by knock-out matches in Stade de France on Friday 20 and Saturday 21 October, as follows:SF 1 - Winner QF1 v Winner QF2SF 2 - Winner QF3 v Winner QF4The winners of the semifinal matches qualify for the Final, and the losers of the semifinal matches will contest the Bronze Final.The Bronze Final and Final will be played at Stade de France on Friday 27 October and Saturday 28 October, respectively. ???? 2023: Marseille > Bordeaux > Paris > Marseille?? Schedule for Boks' RWC title defence announced??? "We can kick on with planning around our logistic operations"?? Full story here: https://t.co/Ev6ZVFeiPj@rugbyworldcup @France2023 #RWC2023 #StrongerTogether pic.twitter.com/Bkmk6RqaI7  