EFF president Julius Malema finally visited his long time enemy former Jacob Zuma and had an urgently tea meeting at Zuma’s home at Nkandla north of KZN. Arrived with a chopper Malema was accompanied by EFF former chairman advocate Dali Mpofu, mayor of Ekurhuleni Mzwandile Masina, EFF spokesman Vuyani Pambo, ANC senior member Tony Yengeni on Friday (5 February).  Their close meeting with Zuma took more than four hours while both Malema and Zuma didn’t address the media about what there were talking about. The tea meeting become popular on social media after Julius Malema surprised many when asked former president Jacob Zuma to have a urgently tea meeting on twitter Wednesday. On the post Malema stated that it was the best interest of the country. That was after former president Zuma announced that he will not attended Zondo Commission after the constitutional court ruled out that he has to attend and answer all the questions. EFF spokesman Vuyani Pambo told DailySun that their tea meeting with Zuma was nice and hot.“We will not tell you about what we’re talking about because we didn’t invite the media. What I can say is that our meeting went well” he said.  When Pambo was asked whether Malema did apologize to Zuma about his attacks over the past years, he refuse to answer the questions. The meeting has left people with many different views as others are claiming that Malema was in the meeting to asked Zuma to not attend the Zondo Commission as he already refused. Others are claiming that Malema was in the meeting with Zuma to ask him to go and testify on Zondo Commission.Malema and Zuma they were best friends when Malema was still the president of the ANC Youth League. Everything changed when Malema left ANC and formed EFF they started to be enemies. Since EFF was formed in 2013 Malema used to accuse Zuma with corruption and he normally attacks him at the National Parliament. Malema also used to attack Zuma about his big home allocated at Nkandla that he was visited. That’s left Mzansi people with many question if they are smoking the peace of pipe all of the suddenly. 