MOTJEKA Madisha will be laid to rest on Saturday at his home in Zebediela. The service will start at 7am, according to family members who were at his memorial service in Ga-Madisha on Thursday. Mamelodi Sundowns president, Patrice Motsepe, took time to visit the Madisha family to comfort them during this time of grief. On Thursday players went at the place of the late Bafana Bafana and Sundowns defender in Limpopo to pay their respect.  WHAT MEMORIES DO THESE PLAYERS SHARE WITH MADISHA? MOSA LEBUSA: "He was one of us. We're heart broken as they (family) are. I can only imagine what they're going through.  We've also lost a team player, brother, friend. It's not easy. Eventually we'll get over it, but he'll forever be in our hearts. We shared memories together - they were very special. I'll always think of him. He was never sad, wore a smile on his face, too playful, but most of all, as playful as he was, as irritating as he was, whenever it's time to play then he'll give you 120% performance. No doubt about that. We used to fight, not physically... but he showed that he cared about me. And he never took anything personal. KERMIT ERASMUS: “He was a fun person to be around in the short time that I got to spend with him,” said Erasmus.“He was very humble and respectful. We just want to let the family know that they are not alone in this. We hope he is in a better place and smiling down on us.” GEORGE MALULEKA: “I have a lot to say about Motjeka, I took him as a homeboy and we were close even when I was at Kaizer Chiefs. I was amazed by his respect and humility. You could see that he was raised well and had a bright future ahead of him.“He was one of the guys who welcomed me warmly when I joined Sundowns. The last time I interacted with him before the tragic accident we had a deep conversation about the future.” KELETSO MAKGALWA: “We are in pain. Especially as his teammates and the his family. He was my friend. I knew him before I even joined Sundowns. We used to play tournaments here at Ga-Madisha. I just want to say we are all in pain." THAPELO MORENA: “I don’t know where to start because Madisha was like my sibling. We had a lot of things planned. It’s painful to visit his family in such circumstances. We had planned to come here before his death but we did not get the opportunity as the Lord had other plans. Whenever I see his image, I just feel like he will reappear and says he was just hiding somewhere. It is the hope I have within me everyday. We all lost as a nation.” 