BRILLIANT Golden Arrows thrashed Stellenbosch FC 3-1 in a DStv Premiership clash at Danie Craven Stadium on Friday afternoon. Michael Gumede was the star of the show for the visitors as he scored twice, after speedster Pule Mmodi had scored the opener. However, Stellies tried to fight their way back as Junior Mendieta’ excellent finish came when the score was 2-1 but it proved to be the only consolation for Steve Barker’s side. This was a good response for Arrows in Cape Town. Their last visit in Mother City saw them suffer a 4-2 loss to Cape Town City on 24 January in what was their first league loss this season. That loss ended Arrows’ best ever unbeaten start in the PSL era after 11 games. Against Stellies, Arrows had never defeated them since the Cane Winelands got back to the PSL top flight at the beginning of last season. In head to head before this game, Arrows had only won once in six meetings. Their solitary win was when Stellenbosch were known as Vasco Da Gama on 8 September 2010 when Nkanyiso Mlotshwa scored twice at Chartsworth Stadium. This loss means Stellies’ struggles continues since the turn of the year. They have not won in seven games in all competitions since beating Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila on 5 January. Once Mmodi stole the ball at the feet of Sibusiso Mthethwa, it was clear that Abafana Bes'Thende's intentions here were to win. Mthethwa failed to clear Seth Parusnath’s free kick and the former Uthongathi striker was on hand to stab home his fourth league goal of the season in the 15th minute. Mmodi continued where he left it off as he also scored twice when Arrows beat Orlando Pirates 2-0 in their previous league game. Gumede slid in the second in the 55th minute from Mutizwa’s pass following a great quick counter attack. However, Mendieta produced one of the goals of the season. The Argentine international beat Sifiso Mlungwana on the edge of the box and the ball nestled into the top corner. The home side were then stronger but it was too little to for them to fight their way back. Gumede put the nail in Stellenbbosch coffin to make it three for the visitors in the 77th minute. Stellies captain Johannes gifted him the ball to see Arrows move to third on the log table on 28 points from 15 games. This is Arrows’ best ever start after half way season is gone in the PSL era as well.