ORLANDO Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer has warned his side to guard against complacency heading into their Caf Confederation Cup second-leg clash against Botswana’s Jwaneng Galaxy. The Buccaneers will take a healthy 3-0 lead into the play-off match to take place at the Orlando Stadium on Sunday (5pm). The Soweto giants have one foot in the group stages and only need to avoid defeat to seal their passage to the next stage of the competition. Zinnbauer insists his side have to keep their foot on the accelerator pedal and drive home their advantage or risk a huge upset. “The result we got in the first-leg was good,” said Zinnbauer. “We scored three goals away from home and we managed to keep a clean sheet. That is always important for a team. But now we have to be careful because in football anything is possible. This team is coming and they have nothing to lose. “Their coach has already issued a stern warning to us. He said after the first game that his side can also come here and score three goals just like we were able to do. “The players will have to be careful. We need to win. We can’t be casual or we will lose a chance to go to the group stages. We are not thinking about anything else at the moment, just the task at hand.” The German mentor, who recently won his first trophy with Pirates in the form of the MTN 8, is hungry for more silverware. He is aware that a continental trophy would go a long way in ensuring he leaves a lasting legacy at the club. But Zinnbauer reckons the only way to achieve that goal is if they take things one game at a time and do not look too far ahead. “We have to focus game by game,” added Zinnbauer. “We have to get to the group stages first. I know for sure that all players and coaches around the world will tell you that if it’s possible, they want to win every trophy they compete for. But for now, the focus is always on the next game. We have to fight from game to game.” Pirates captain, Happy Jele, echoed the same sentiments as his mentor and added that they have a strategy that could lead them to success if executed well. “It’s important to win at home, it makes things easy in away games,” said Jele. “If we play away first, it’s always important to score and ensure you have an advantage at home.” Bucs will continue to be without long term absentees Zakhele Lepasa, Tshegofatso Mabasa and Abel Mabaso while Thabang Monare and Gabadinho Mhango could return.