THE Ghana Football Association (GFA) are awaiting guidance from the Confederation of African Football (Caf) regarding their trip to South Africa next month. The GFA have raised concerns about the safety of the Black Stars team which is set to visit Bafana Bafana for the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier match on 22 March, citing the Covid-19 pandemic. According to a source close to the GFA, the association have written to the continent’s football governing body, asking them to analyse the health situation in Mzansi, in light of the new Covid variant and possibly consider staging the qualifier at a neutral venue. South Africa has been listed as high risk in terms of the deadly pandemic by many countries and locals have been barred from entering numerous countries, seen as Kaizer Chiefs were denied visas into Morocco last week. And precedence has already been set by teams playing in neutral venues. “Among the Ghanaians’ biggest concerns is that the overseas-based players will be forced into quarantine when they return to their club, mostly in Europe and as a result may not be able to honour the call ups,” said the source. “South Africa is regarded by many countries as high risk in terms of the Covid-19 pandemic. So, naturally, there is concern that the travelling team might be exposed to the virus. “This explains the reason why the national team coach has called up the locally based players for the game as he is not sure about the situation about the overseas-based legion. They are asking, and not requesting Caf. “Safa, however, have been left disappointed by the move. The two association have an excellent relationship and Safa feel GFA should have engaged them before approaching Caf.” In their letter to Caf, the GFA are understood to have cited Manchester United’s scheduled Europa League trip to Real Sociedad, which will now take place on neutral ground in Turin. The English side were set to head to San Sebastian for the round-of-32 clash on 18 February. However, the match has been moved from the Anoeta Stadium to Juventus’ Allianz Stadium due to Spanish government restrictions on travellers entering the country from the United Kingdom concerning the new Covid-19 variant.