KAIZER Chiefs will start their Caf Champions League group stage debut in one of the most intimidating venues in Africa when it comes to the Caf club competition. They visit Wydad Athletico Club Casablanca in the first game of their group stage on Saturday next weekend, 13 February, at Stade Mohammed V Stadium (10pm SA time) in Morocco. No sides from Mzansi has gone in that venue and won and looking at Chiefs’ position with this being the first time they are in the Champions League group stages, it is difficult to see them coming away with something. Former Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane, now Al Ahly coach, went to Casa on few occasions as the Tshwane giants coach but he never won. That only changed when the former Bafana Bafana coach defeated them as now the Egyptian giants coach when Ahly 2-0 in Champions League semi final last year before wrapping things up in Cairo 3-1 to win 5-1 on aggregate. Chiefs’ last trip in Casablanca at the same venue was also not a favourable one. In the first round of the 2015 CAF Champions League, Amakhosi lost the first leg in March in Durban 1-0. In the second leg in Casablanca, Stuart Baxter’s men lost 2-0 (3-0 aggregate score). That was Chiefs’ only previous meeting against Moroccan opponents in CAF Club competitions. Wydad are coached by one of the most experienced coaches in Africa in Faouzi Benzarti, someone coach Mosimane respect so much. The 71-year-old won the Champions League in 1994 with Esperance Sportive De Tunis. He took Raja Casablanca, Wydad fierce rivals, to the Fifa Club World Cup final when Morocco hosted it in 2013. Raja lost to European giants Bayern Munich. Going to the group stages, Wydad, who have won the Champions League twice, beat Malian side Stade Malien Bamako 3-0 (3-1 on aggregate) after losing the first leg in Mali by 1-0. On the other hand, Chiefs drew 0-0 with Angolan side Primeiro de Agosto in the first leg first round. With Chiefs having yet to make a mark in this competition and no Mzansi side to have also won in Angola, there was a shared thought that this was the end of Chiefs' Champions League sojourn . However, the Soweto giants defied the odds and Leonardo Castro, who won the Champions League with Sundowns in 2016, scored the most important goal to see Chiefs make history to advance to the group stages. Chiefs, in Group C, will also face Guinea strong side Horoya and Angolan side Atletico Petroleos.