Speaker after speaker spoke greatly of the late Mamelodi Sundowns and Bafana Bafana star, Motjeka Madisha, at his family home in Ga-Madisha, Zebediela in Limpopo during his funeral on Saturday. Different speakers paid their respects to Madisha at an emotional funeral where all football figures were present, including Gauteng Legislature Representative, Panyaza Lesufi, Alex Shakoane of Mamelodi Sundowns, Thandi Moroka, Limpopo MEC for Sport, and many others.  Sundowns president Patrice Motsepe, Bafana Bafana coach Molefi Ntseki and other top football administrators visited the family during the week where they comforted the Madisha family. It all started on a chilly morning on Saturday when fans from across the country gathered at the Madisha home and patiently waited for the body of the Bafana defender to arrive home. And they made a guard of honour. His closest friend at Sundowns, Thapelo Morena, revealed his nickname of Madish "Dish Dish". "I met my Madisha in Durban while on national duty with Bafana when I was still at Bloemfontein Celtic. Our relationship grew from there onwards and we became roommates when I joined Sundowns. I want to talk but I don't have power. He was there for me all the time. I will miss him a lot. To Madisha's mother and father, you should know that we lost Madisha together. I will never forget him and I will remember his smile all the time," said Morena. Coach Rhulani Mokwena: "I will never forget his naughty smile and bravery. Madisha was like an ace in in the pack of cards. He was loved because he loved. We hope he rests knowing he was loved dearly. I am glad I was part of his life and thankful to have worked with him and love him. Madisha worked hard everyday as if it was his last day. Rest in peace my son." Funeral proceedings currently underway of the late Motjeka "Ace" Madisha in Ga-Madisha, Zebediela in Limpopo where the who's who of sport, including fans, are gathered. The Mamelodi Sundowns star died in a car crash in December last year. #RIPMotjekaMadisha pic.twitter.com/k8W6MKg3X7 — Daily Sun (@dailysunsa) February 6, 2021 #RIPMadisha Family members and supporters couldn't hold their tears as the Mamelodi Sundowns star is finally laid to rest. The body of Madisha has just been lowered down in an emotional funeral. Video: Tshifhiwa Luvhengo pic.twitter.com/ZzKpT6O0Hq     