AMAZULU striker Lehlohonolo Majoro has acknowledged the fine form of Swallows FC under coach Brandon Truter this season. But the former Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs striker says the Soweto giants face Usuthu side that is starting to play their games with swagger. Usuthu, who have won their last four games in all competitions will visit Swallows at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). The Dube Birds, under Truter, have started their life in the DStv Premiership on a fine note. Along with log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns, are two teams who are yet to suffer a defeat. They are third in the table with 28 points from 14 games, level with second-placed SuperSport United and five behind Sundowns. But Swallows face an on-form Usuthu side, who are finding them own form under Benn McCarthy having won their last three league matches. The Durban-based side are seventh on the table with 21 points from 15 games, seven points behind Swallows. However, Usuthu will have to be first side to beat Swallows this season - who have stumbled in the last three league games. The Dube Birds are unbeaten in 22 games now stretching back to last season in GladAfrica Championship. “Swallows is doing well in the league and I think it is one of the few teams that haven’t lost in the league,” said Majoro. “You don’t accomplish that if you not good, if you not prepared. So I believe it’s a well-developed team, well-structured, but it’s nothing different to us because we are starting to become a team to beat. “We have been doing well and I love the spirit that we have, and it has shown in the previous two games where we managed to do well towards the end of the game. “So we do have that never-given up spirit and I believe this game against Swallows we just have to go there with a prepared mind to go to the battle and come back with the three points.” The last time these two sides met was in the GladAfrica Championship on 23 January 2016. On that occasion, Usuthu won 2-1, with Siyabonga Nomvethe, now McCarthy’s assistant at Usuthu, scored one of the goals. However, the last time they met in the PSL top flight was on 20 December 2014 and Swallows won 2-1. Again Nomvethe scored at Moses Mabhida Stadium when now Swallows technical director Fani Madida was in charge.