A point at home is never an ideal result in the Caf Champions League. But Kaizer Chiefs have certainly taken more than a point in their 1-1 draw against Horoya AC at FNB Stadium on Tuesday. Amakhosi have seen first-hand how tactics and not beautiful attacking football wins Champions League matches against the opponents whose idea of away matches is not to score goals but pocket a point. Horoya can stifle, defend and frustrate with the best of them and, come this morning, most of Amakhosi fans will hate them the way they applied every tactic in the book, including delaying the match, to stop Gavin Hunt’s men. It wasn’t the start they were hoping for after they finally opened their group stages campaign, their first in 24 years. Unable to travel to Morocco due to Covid-19 restriction, Chiefs have not been able to honour their fixture against Wydad Athletic. This meant they had to wait for the visiting Horoya to get their campaign underway. But on the evidence of their lukewarm performance, one wouldn’t say they were chomping at a bit to roll up their sleeves and get their hands dirty. Apart from Nurkovic’s half-chance early on and the one from Enock Agyei, there wasn’t much to write home about in the opening half. However, it was an improved Amakhosi side that came out of the tunnel in the second half. Nurkovic was twice denied a goal, being ruled offside as Chiefs upped the tempo in the second half. It was a typical Champions League match against a West African opponent, the theatrics and time-wasting tactics from goalie Moussa Camara, which Botswana referee Joshua Bondo seemed to fall for. But Bondo had enough and cautioned Camara. In the end, Camara got his result while Amakhosi drew yet another match as Lebogang Manyama failed to nail a last-minute freekick. It could have ended differently. But Amakhosi gave certainly gained, despite the draw. "Intensity and attitude was better. I can't fault the players," said Hunt. In the other group C match, Wydad beat Pedro de Luanda 1-0 to Angola.