GOLDEN Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi wants to rule KwaZulu-Natal. Ncikazi wants to beat AmaZulu in the Nedbank Cup last-32 when these two sides clash at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday afternoon (5pm). Arrows defeated Usuthu’s provincial rivals Maritzburg United 2-1 in DStv Premiership at the same venue on 30 January. Abafana Bes’Thende are heavy favorites going into the game. They have already beaten AmaZulu 2-0 in a DStv Premiership on 16 December last year at Jonsson Kings Park Stadium. It is now four games without a loss for Arrows against AmaZulu, having taken four points off them last season. Arrows are also in better position in the league table this season. They are fourth with 25 points from 14 games, while AmaZulu are seventh on 21 points from 15 games. Also in this competition, Arrows beat AmaZulu 2-1 in 2014 edition in the same stage when Ncikazi’s now assistant coach Mabhuti Khanyeza scored one of the goals to see Arrows walk away victorious. “We still want to be leaders of this province and if you can’t beat the ones in your territory, then you won’t be known outside,” said Ncikazi. “We want to rule the province and even go further in this cup.” The last time Arrows went far in this competition was in 2018-19 season. On that occasion, they lost to eventual winners TS Galaxy in the semi-final. Last season in this competition, however, it brought an embarrassment in the side. Arrows crashed out in the last-32 to Vaal University of Technology (VUT) to become the first top flight side to lose to the fourth tier of Mzansi’s football pyramid. “We have not done very well in this competition, we have been to the semi finals, maybe this time lets go to the final and win the cup if it possible,” he added. “But I’m just happy with what is happening in the province in terms of football.” Usuthu coach Benni McCarthy told the media this week that, when Arrows defeated AmaZulu in the league in December last year, Usuthu didn’t show commitment. In that game, McCarthy was in the stands as he was just appointed by the club few days ago. However, since the former Cape Town coach took over, Usuthu have markedly improved. They have won their last three games and the players are pulling in the direction McCarthy wants. Ncikazi agreed that Usuthu are different side now compared to the one they defeated. “Benni is correct. They have got a different energy, he has changed the strategy and they have started to win games,” said Ncikazi. “The motivation is different. Correctly pointing out, we are going to face a different side.” Ncikazi is hoping captain Matome Mathiane and Gladwin Shitolo will pass a late fitness test. However, Siyabonga Dube is still out injured.