SABC presenter Luyanda Potwana has joined the list of South African celebrities with an ancestral calling. Among them are TV host Boity Thulo, former Uzalo actresses Baby Cele and Dawn Thandeka King, actress Lerato Mvelase, The Soil band member Buhle Mda, and Letoya Makhene. The Nyan Nyan TV presenter announced the news on his Facebook account. According to his post, he’s not completed his journey but is undergoing training. Taking to his Facebook, he wrote: “You know me as a South African television host. However, this is a side of me that’s unknown to the public. “My ancestral spiritual calling. After all, I am my ancestors and my ancestors are me. “I kept this away from social media, not because I was ashamed of it. I just wanted to walk the journey quietly. However it’s now time to reintroduce myself. “For now I’m an initiate, so when I start performing miracles don’t assume I have dark powers, or that I have a snake. ALSO READ: HOW STAR BLEW HIS MONEY! “This will all be attributed to my three gifts: Intsimbi emhlophe, Iitasi/ulugxa, Ukuthandazela.” His fans and friends took turns to applaud him and commended him. A handful of his fans mentioned they’d been waiting for him to accept the ancestral calling. “Camagu Mnta kaPotwana. It’s going to be a long road, but there’s healing in the end. You’ll need to persevere,” wrote Zama Mbotho Sihonjana. Mpumi Hena wrote: “I’ve long been suspecting that you’d take this journey. Congratulations indeed.” Rapelang Mavezomuhle Nkomo said she’s been expecting this from Potwana. She wrote: “I’ve been expecting this from you Mntanedlozi. Ever since I started watching Nyan’ Nyan I’ve been asking myself if it’s just ignorance or that you don’t believe in ancestors. Anyway, let there be light.” Another Facebook user, Nomathemba Madyo, saw this one coming. She said: “Congratulations.” Potwana later thanked people for their words of wisdom, support and encouraging words. “Let me take this opportunity and thank each and every one of you for your encouraging words and support. Indeed, let there be light,” he said. All attempts to get comment from Potwana failed.