President Cyril Ramaphosa will conduct a candle lighting ceremony to honour and remember South Africans who have died of Covid-19 in the past year. The president is expected to deliver his State of the Nation Address on tonight, 11 February, at 7pm. Speaker of the National Assembly Thandi Modise and chairman of the National Council Provinces, Amos Masondo, said they will be part of the ceremony. “Preceding the president’s delivery of the Sona will be a candle lighting ceremony, led by the president of the republic and the presiding officers of parliament. The ceremony is being held in honour and remembrance of South Africans who lost their lives during the Covid-19 pandemic,” said Modise in a press conference on Wednesday, 10 February. The presiding officers said Sona will be held in a hybrid system where 30 MPs and dignitaries will be attending physically, while others will join virtually. “A total of 30 members of parliament representing the two Houses of Parliament from various parliamentary political parties will be physically in the National Assembly Chamber,” sai Modise. Only the EFF has decided not to send any MPs, but the party will participate virtually. Among the dignitaries that will attend will be Deputy President David Mabuza, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo and Justice of the Supreme Court of Appeal, Justice Dumisani Zondi. Dean of the resident Diplomatic Corps, Ambassador Bene L M’Poko, will represent ambassadors. The number of journalists attending physically has been cut down to only 20 representatives from the 435 that have been accredited to be physically present in parliament. Only seven of these journalists will be in the media gallery inside. The theme for this year’s Sona is: “Following up on our commitments – making your future work better.” “This highlights our character as a people’s parliament, committed to strengthening transparency, accountability and responsiveness to the needs of the people – to ensure a truly non-racial, non-sexist and thriving South Africa,” Modise said.