THE 17-year-old pupil who was arrested for killing grade 11 pupil Greadance Mashego (17) by hitting him with a brick over dice games has been released to his parents. The incident happened on the street outside Sekhukusa Secondary School in Shatale near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga. Grieving Greadance’s family expressed their unhappiness to Mpumalanga Education MEC Bonakele Majuba, police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi and Bushbuckridge police boss Brigadier Thabisile Mkhabela on their visit to the school on Thursday. “It is quite unfortunate because parents were sending pupils to school so they can prepare for their future, not to go back home dead. We need to appeal to parents and the society to teach our kids that there are better ways of solving problems rather than resorting to violence,” Majuba said. “The life of a young boy, whose parents expected a lot from, was cut short because of violence. That is very painful. We don’t necessarily blame anybody because these things do happen when kids of this age are alone. But we are saying as society, we should inculcate to our kids the sense that problems must be resolved amicably. The only way of solving problems is for people to engage and try their best to resolve them,” said Majuba. But Greadance’s gogo Gloria Motobatse (65) said: “We are still shocked. Our son’s killer has been released without us being informed. He killed my boy, a hard worker even at school, who is irreplaceable. My heart is burning inside.”  His uncle Solomon Ubisi (50) said: “Government must improve security systems at schools. Our son was lying alone in a pool of blood in the street after the incident just 500 metres away from the school, and none of the teachers or SGB members came to his rescue. He was discovered by a stranger who then informed us. We rushed him to a clinic, but he later died.” SGB chairperson Elson Thibela said: “We are really shattered over this matter. We have now requested police to monitor the school so our kids can refrain from gambling games during school hours. This matter has affected more than 1 175 pupils and 35 teachers who are now coping after receiving the latest counselling.” Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said: “Due to investigation pertaining to the issue, the child was arrested on the same day of the incident. On Tuesday he was due to appear in court but because of the absence of the probation officer’s report, the court didn’t enrol the case. The suspect was then handed over to his parents,” he said. “But we will still continue with our investigations and the parents of the deceased have been duly informed,” he continued. “When investigating such matters, it’s not only the police that are involved. We also work with probation officers and the NPA in terms of administering a docket. We have also met with the people responsible for providing the probation officer’s report, and undertaking by next Tuesday it will be available. We will then approach the court again so we can continue with the matter.” Hlathi indicated that when investigating an adult, the processes were not the same as with a minor. “There are processes to be followed, and they cannot be bypassed hence the court decided not to enrol the case. We are continuing with our investigations. We have a multidisciplinary stakeholder relations at this particular school as another child was also murdered there two years ago,” said Hlathi.