MALEBO Dikotla has been waiting for almost three years for her baby’s remains. Her son died shortly after she gave birth in 2018. The 18-year-old from Mamadimo Park, outside Polokwane in Limpopo, said she was in pain when she went to Mankweng Hospital. Malebo was checked but told she wasn’t pregnant. She was given an injection, but another doctor realised she was indeed pregnant and prescribed medication. “I gave birth to a boy at home and we went back to the hospital. Nurses checked the baby and told me he’d died,” she said. Malebo said she wants closure. “I even quit school because of depression. I no longer live at home because I have flashbacks of the day I gave birth, so I sleep at friends’ homes. “I sometimes dream of a child crying. I believe I will find peace if I bury my son.” Her mum Esther (51) told Daily Sun they lodged a complaint with the hospital and asked for a post mortem to be done as they suspect the death might have been caused by the injection. “We were assured the matter would be investigated. But we were sent from pillar to post and no post mortem was done. “In March 2019, we were told forensics took the baby for a post mortem and we received the results in January 2020, which said they couldn’t find what caused the death as the body was in an advanced stage of decomposition,” she said. Malebo’s father David (51) said they wrote a letter to the health department and hospital and asked to perform a ritual to collect the spirit of the baby. But their request was denied. They were told that the ritual would disturb the daily running of the hospital. “We have a dark cloud hanging over us. We can’t attend funerals or family gatherings because the baby hasn’t been buried. We have to be cleansed and need to collect the baby’s spirit so he can rest in peace and we can have peace,” said David. Health spokesman Neil Shikwambana said the family’s lawyer alleged the hospital was responsible for the baby’s premature death due to an injection nurses gave the mother. “The family then disappeared for months, leaving the body at the hospital mortuary,” he said. “In the process, the family sent the department letters of demand for financial compensation. “We welcomed them, believing courts would give us a platform to clear our names.”