THE wait is almost over – the South African Popular Music Awards (SAPMA) have officially been launched. The much anticipated ceremony is aimed at celebrating a decade of great and popular music. SAPMA will look as far as 2010 to celebrate black excellence, legacy and Mzansi’s music heritage. Speaking at the launch, SAPMA head of communications Mathawe Matsapola said they were going big with the awards. “The aim of the first annual ceremony is to celebrate 10 years of great and popular music. This is music that still speaks to our people and will continue to do so for the voiceless, while shaping our cultural identity as a nation.” ALSO READ:LASIZWE’S RELATIONSHIP ENDS IN TEARS! She added that the entries were open, and anyone was eligible to enter. Entries close at midnight on 25 April. “Anyone is eligible to submit entries – from artists and record companies to the public at large; they can submit a name and song of their favourite artist. In order to qualify, a song or album must have been released between 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2020,” she added. According to the organisers, there was no entry fee required. “The only requirement is that your music be popular. Public participation is at the core of the awards – from submitting entries to voting for the five main winners from each genre. A panel of judges will then shortlist four finalists in each category and genre. This will be determined by the number of nominations/entries an artist has received,” Mathawe said. A Night of Legends Gala Dinner on 24 July 2021-where legends such as Yvonne Chaka Chaka, Vusi Leeuw, Morris Roda, Mahotella Queens and Ihashe Elimhlophe will be honoured while also keeping the legacies of our late music icons and legends alive such as Jabu Khanyile, Nana Coyote, Stompie Mavi and Lebo Mathosa, who will be appreciated on that night. They might be gone but their footprint in music will remain. The categories are as follows. For special awards: SAPMA Chairman’s Award, Social Leadership Award, Lifetime Achievement Award, Special Legend Award, Best Gospel Radio Show and Best Traditional Music Radio Show. Categories to be voted for by the public are Best Popular Afro Song of the Decade, Best Popular Gospel Song of the Decade, Best Popular Maskandi/Mbaqanga Song of the Decade, Best Hip Hop Artist of the Decade, and Best Popular Dance Song of the Decade. The main event will take place at the Sun Arena, Pretoria, on 31 July.