Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga has come under fire after she put her foot in her mouth when she was addressing pupils at Nellmapius Secondary School in Tshwane on Monday, 15 February. The minster said: “Educated men won’t rape,” as she told the pupils who quickly corrected her. “They do,” the pupils shyly corrected the minister, who said she thought the more sophisticated and educated men have less of a chance to find themselves on the wrong side of the law. “Oh, I thought they needed to be civilized not to do certain things. Now I’m disappointed.” The minister said education was a way to deal with the challenges that the country has, which led her to say that educated men won’t rape. Twitter users also rubbished the minister’s theory and some even called for her to retire. Sesi wo Ntimanyana tweeted: “So Angie Motshekga says an educated man won’t rape. What kind of elitist BS is this, in a country with such problematic rape culture nogal? This lady keeps disappointing, shem.” Tweet Analyst wrote: “Firstly, education or being less educated has nothing to do with Rape Mme #AngieMotshekga. A man violating another human being has nothing to do with EDUCATION. What’s worse, you imply education comes with a certain level of sophistication ????” MaMpofu tweeted: “Minister ????A whole minister!!!! Do you actually believe and stand by the words that came out of your mouth Angie?? FYI- Millions of highly educated men are raping and brutalising women. Renew your mind mama #angiemotshekga #BackToSchool.” Motshekga has responded to the criticism after the remarks she made when addressing learners at Prospectus High School in Pretoria. "Rape is indeed about power, hence the Department has programmes to educate the boy child to appreciate the importance of how to deal with power relations between men and women from a young age. "Therefore, my remarks must not be taken out of the context of educating children to develop them to become better people. She added, "Men need to be educated about how to deal with power, patriarchy, and negative or toxic masculinity. Educating men about power relations is important also in the fight against rape." Angie added, "Regarding the reaction of the learners, I was not going to debate because the purpose of my remarks was to encourage them to be educated on GBV including educating them about women abuse." 