The body, believed to be that of the two-year-old, killed in an accident that happened at Voelklip near Herolds Bay at George in the Southern Cape last month, has been found. Cops said the body was spotted by a fisherman floating on top of the water in the area between Swartvlei and Kleinkrantz on Thursday afternoon. He then informed the authorities who recovered the body. The girl’s body went missing after a 34-year-old mother was travelling with her two children but she lost control of the vehicle and drove over the cliff into the ocean. One of the children, an eight-year-old boy managed to get out of the car with minor injuries, but the mother died and the two-year-old went missing since then.  The incident happened on  21st of January at the Voelklip cliffs in Herolds Bay. When cops retrieved the body of the mother, the girl’s body was nowhere to be found until this week Thursday. Cops spokesman Captain Malcolm Pojie said: “Members of the NSRI retrieved the body and handed it over to pathology forensic services of George. An autopsy will be conducted to determine the cause of death. At this stage, the body is in an advanced state of decomposition and cannot be recognised. However, a description of the clothing gives us reason to believe it might be great two-year-old. Then the parent has been informed. DNA testing will be done to determine the identity.” National Sea Rescue Institute(NSRI) spokesman Craig Lambinon confirmed that the NSRI retrieved the body. Meanwhile, a 14 year-old girl was saved from drowning in Herolds Bay on Wednesday evening. Mike Vonk, NSRI Wilderness deputy station commander, said his crew was activated following reports of a drowning in progress at Herolds Bay. “NSRI Wilderness, ER24 ambulance services and a WC Government Health EMS rescue squad responded. While responding to the scene it was confirmed by eye-witnesses that a 14 year old female had been recovered from the water onto the beach,” said Vonk. The girl was taken to hospital in a critical condition. “Our thoughts are with the family in this difficult time and all hopes are that she recovers,” he added.