THE legal representative of a former Mpumalanga MEC and ANC PEC member wants the Nelspruit Magistrates Court to provisionally strike the case against his client off the roll. The former MEC and ANC PEC member, together with his stepson, appeared before the Nelspruit Magistrates Court on Thursday, 11 February. The duo is facing charges for the rape of two eight-year-old girls. They were both arrested last September and are out on R20 000 bail each. Lawyer Mduduzi Nkosi told magistrate Susan Monaledi that he was dissatisfied with how the state operates. He said during the former MEC’s bail application, investigating officer Sergeant Solomon Mbokodo indicated that investigations were complete and there were two outstanding statements in order to compel the doctor to release the medical records for the girls. However, on 14 October, bail was already granted and the case was postponed for the DPP’s decision because investigations were said to be complete. “To my surprise, on the return on 20 November, nothing was mentioned about what the DPP’s decision was. Instead, they only suggested that they want to postpone the case for the DNA outcome. “My argument is that, during the bail application, they indicated that there was no DNA sample taken from the victim, because 72 hours had already passed. But now the question is if they want to get a DNA outcome, what is it for? “All of a sudden they want a DNA outcome, on the same day the case is postponed where they focused on the DNA which is still outstanding. But now in the previous appearance, we came to court and they said there is no docket. They alleged that the docket controller has passed on and the office is mixed up, and we understand,” he said. Nkosi said now they are informed that the docket has been with the DPP for three weeks, and in that three weeks the DPP has a pile of dockets on her desk. “My question is why did they not inform the previous prosecutor who handled the matter if that was the case because had that been done we would have know where the docket is, we would know what the hold up is. “Which means their house is not in order, one prosecutor does not inform the next of what is happening,” said Nkosi. He said his concern is that the accused is the father of the girls and everything has been at a standstill since his arrest. “The problem I have is that the father, who is the accused, is paying close to R60 000 for school fees. But now he has been unemployed and has not received a salary. “If this matter keeps on dragging because there are still crosslines which are not finalised, it means this case is not going anywhere. “They can take their time perusing their 200 dockets and when they are ready to come and have wheels on this matter, they will rather call us back. “On my feelings, this is just a delay tactic and they must just strike the case off the roll. Fix whatever they want to fix or they must not fix it if they don’t want to. But they must not keep my client coming to court for something that is not moving,” he said. Monaledi postponed the matter to 24 February for the DPP’s decision. She said this is the final postponement.