THE Commission of Inquiry into State Capture could soon find itself penniless and unable to pay its staff, including investigators and lawyers, if it no longer has anything in its kitty. That is if Finance Minister Tito Mboweni carries out his threat of not making any more funds available for another extension. Mboweni has vowed that he would not sign off on additional funds for the commission, saying it must wrap up its work. Mboweni, in a press briefing after tabling his budget in the National Assembly, said the commission’s perpetual applications for extension were not sustainable and it must at some stage conclude its work. Mboweni’s threat comes after the commission was recently granted an extension of three months, giving it until the end of June to complete its work. Mboweni said when Treasury released R63 million to the courts, they made it clear to the commission that was the amount it should finish its work on. “The perpetual extension of the Inquiry into State Capture is not really conducive. They must finish their work. In fact, their work, in my view is much less than the work that was being done by the Commission of Inquiry into the Public Investment Corporation. “And the Commission of Inquiry into Public Investment Corporation has concluded and this one keeps going on and on. It must end at some stage. So unless the director-general has something to say, I don’t think I’m going to sign up on more cash to the State Capture Inquiry. They must finish their work,” insisted Mboweni. His deputy David Masondo backed him up, saying in the current framework the Treasury did not have provision for another extension unless the Department of Justice and Correctional Services had another source to help the commission. “If there has to be an extension, there has to be reprioritisation within the Department of Justice. There are many things that need to be considered. The costs of the commission itself, the costs of the lawyers, the daily elimination costs. “I think they must be considered, but we will help the department to reprioritise from within the department itself and not us at this point giving any resources to the commission,” said Masondo. Mboweni shot down criticism that the department had given grant beneficiaries increases lower than inflation, saying that’s all the department could afford. “I don’t think there should be any political apology for this. The money we gave is what we could afford,” said the minister.