IT TOOK about 12 hours to recover the bodies of two men who were stuck under a huge pile of rubble after their neighbour’s wall caved in on them. Nkosinathi Shandu (23) and Simo Mkhize (25) from Siyanda, north of Durban, tragically died on Thursday morning, 25 February, after their neighbour’s wall collapsed on their shacks. A TLB had to be used to recover the bodies. Another man, whose shack was also close to the damaged shacks, only sustained minor injuries as he ran out after apparently hearing the wall cracking. He was treated on the scene and is now staying with his relatives, who live in another section. Heavy rain had been pouring down through out the night which resulted in the wall collapsing, causing the tragic incident which happened at about 1am. Nkosinathi’s cousin, Hlengiwe Mathaba (42), told Daily Sun they are still in shock after what happened. She said she was in Stanger when she got a call at 3am from her relatives who live with Nkosinathi, informing her about the tragic incident.  “I contacted our other relatives and we decided to come here. On our way I was hoping and praying we’d find Nkosinathi alive. But when we arrived, the police and paramedics were still searching for the bodies. The other body was found at about 1pm, and it took much longer to find Nkosinathi’s body,” she said. She said they are grateful his body was eventually found. “We were able to see the body. He was terribly injured.” She said the neighbour’s wall was too high, that’s why it caused so much damage. “Nkosinathi had finished doing his public relations course at the Durban University of Technology last year. He was still searching for a job as he had not found one,” she said. Co-operative Governance MEC Sipho Hlomuka has sent disaster management teams to respond to several incidents that have been reported across the province as a result of the heavy rains experienced throughout KZN last night. He confirmed that in eThekwini, two men died after a wall collapsed on them “In Mtubatuba, north of KZN, a fatal incident occurred this morning in KwaMyeko where one person was swept away while trying to cross a flooded, low-lying bridge. “The body of the deceased was recovered by members of the community further down stream,” he said. The MEC has also directed teams to continue monitoring areas that are prone to flooding as the inclement weather conditions are expected to continue. Police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed the incident and said an inquest docket has been opened by the KwaMashu cops.