UNDER pressure Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) coach Joel Masutha said their Nedbank Cup clash against SuperSport United at Thohoyandou Stadium on Thursday afternoon (5pm) is a must-win game for them in order to turn around their dismal form. TTM, who are second bottom on the DStv Premiership log, come into this encounter without a win in 10 consecutive league matches. But the former Black Leopards coach has vowed that they will advance to the next stage of this tournament which has a purse of R7 million for the winners. Masutha also revealed that former Bafana Bafana striker Tokelo Rantie will also be available for this crucial match. The controversial 30-year-old player signed with Vhadau VhaDamani this week after he impressed Masutha after training with the club for the past few weeks. “This is going to be a tough game as SuperSport are known as cup specialist,” said Masutha. “They (United) beat us 2-0 two weeks ago (in the league) at the same venue but this is a totally different game and we want to win at all cost to turn around our season. “The good news for us is that we have all senior players back from injuries and suspension. So I am positive we can win this game. “Rantie has signed with us and he is fit and ready to play. Rhulani Manzini is also fit. I think people will see a totally different Tshakhuma.” Other players who are back at Tshakhuma are defenders Alfred Ndengane and Lehlohonolo Nonyane. But TTM will have their work cut out as Kaitano Tembo’s charges are on top form. Matsatsantsa a Pitori are unbeaten in their last 10 consecutive league matches. In those matches, the Pretoria based side have won six and drawn four. The last time the high flying United lost a match was last November losing 2-1 to Orlando Pirates. Their good form has seen United climb to second spot on the table with 28 points. Kaitano is looking to his lethal striker Bradley Grobler to continue with his scoring form to help United advance to the next stage of the Ke Yona Cup. TODAY’S FIXTURES: