POWER utility ESKOM will be putting salt
on the wounds of South Africans who are struggling to make ends meet after they
were left financially paralysed by the impact of the covid-19. Eskom will be raising the tariffs by 15%
after the High Court has ruling early this week. Owen Rathumbu (26) from Pennyville in
Soweto said the high prices of electricity by Eskom, will force them to become
izinyoka and connect illegally. “As you know electricity has been a
challenge since back then. We are not working at this moment a lot of people
are unemployed. The traffic is on the rise so is the rate of unemployment. He added, “At the end of the day, if they
are increasing and we dint have the fund, we are going to be izinyoka and
connect illegally and that will also contribute to load shedding and we going
to have more load shedding.” “For some of the needs to be met we need
electricity and if we don’t have electricity, it means our lifestyles are going
to be affected, we can’t leave in the dark. Also, we don’t have electricity, we
can’t even be on the internet to look for jobs.” Priscilla Sebolai (36) said, “The
increase will affect us so much, especially how we use electricity, at some
point will have to use candles. “I use mostly for essential appliances
such as the refrigerator, microwave". She said even switches off her geyser as
one of her plans to save electricity. Jacu Murulana said, “I’m unemployed, I
don’t have a source of income and my application for the special covid-19 grant
was declined for reasons I don’t know. This increase is bad timing. Eskom should
have suspended the tariff hike up until people are back on their feet as most
people are struggling to make ends meet in these covid-19 times. Eartha Fries (47) said though she doesn’t
use electricity that much she said she will defiantly be impacted badly by the
upcoming tariff hike. “This hike is going to affect me a lot
because I have lost my job due to covid-19 pandemic. “I can try to save electricity, but
because I don’t have a job I don’t know how I’m going to be able to buy
electricity.” Costa Manamela also from Pennyville said he won't afford an expensive electricity hike. "As we speak, I can't afford to pay for the current price, it will be difficult when the raise takes effect."