IF ever there was a player who personified the Bulls’ march to success, it is midfielder Cornal Hendricks. Considering his journey, the move back from a heart condition that should have ended his career and the Bulls willingness to take a chance on him when few others would, Hendricks paid back the kindness. And more with a season which would easily make him a candidate for SA Player of the Year and certainly a popular man of the match winner in Saturday’s Carling Currie Cup final. The switch to inside centre was one of Jake White’s surprises since taking over at the Bulls, but it turned into a masterstroke – so much so that with Damian de Allende playing in Ireland – other than Frans Steyn there is no better candidate for the Green and Gold at the moment. Hendricks took to the role with confidence and form and was a massive part of the Bulls’ resurgence this season. Now the question is: will SA Rugby re-evaluate their stance towards him in light of his form and consistent performances? There is a good argument for it, and while the risks of his heart condition cannot be underestimated, the fact that he has returned and put in performances for the Bulls shows sometimes a gamble can pay off. Hendricks was virtually the heart and soul of the Bulls’ backline – one which shows a lot of youth and inexperience – and gave the side a new lease on attack that we haven’t seen for a long time. No wonder White was singing his praises after the game. “He has been phenomenal,” White spouted after the win on Saturday. “He has probably been our best player. I have said it before, a lot of guys who have played in that jersey before for other teams like Ma’a Nonu and Tana Umaga, have started on the wing. He has got a great appreciation for space and understanding for what guys in the midfield need to do. “Obviously you have experienced guys like Morne Steyn, who has been around, and Ivan van Zyl. Don’t underestimate the impact of the three of them on the inside of some of those youngsters, they are going to learn a lot from a guy like Cornal. “I am saying the obvious when I say he is professional, very dedicated. He is a great, great communicator and works hard. What’s also nice is that he is a Springbok. He has been there and done it, so he is sharing that knowledge. “I am very happy for him. I am sure that his ability to play wing and centre is a great bonus for him as well.” – SUPERSPORT.COM