WHEN Lucy Sengati found out she was two months pregnant, her joy turned to sorrow. This is because she found out her pastor bae (40) had also impregnated her mum Vumile Sono. However, the 48-year-old mum from Tsakane in Ekurhuleni never revealed who the father of her baby was until Lucy found out on her own their babies shared one father. Daily Sun published their story in October headlined: “Pastor got me and mum pregnant. ”As if that was not enough, Lucy learnt more shocking details about her pastor bae. She said the pastor has been poking more women in his flock and four more women were now pregnant. “I don’t know how he did it, but he deserves an Oscar,” said Lucy. She said dating the pastor was wonderful. “He treats you very well and you’d swear you are the only one.” Lucy, who gave birth prematurely because of complications and stress, said: “I hate him and don’t want anything to do with him. I forgive my mum because I now see she was also fooled.” Vumile said she was ashamed of what happened between her and the pastor. She said she had a few weeks left before she herself gave birth, but also didn’t want anything to do with the pastor. “I had to quit church. I want to fix things with my daughter.” Daily Sun tried to call the four other women, but only spoke to two as the others refused to comment. Xolile Magubane (30) said she started dating the pastor last August. She said she was shocked when she heard the pastor impregnated other women. “We were fools to trust that man of God.” Kutlwano Matlanye (35) said she never expected a man of God to do such a thing to her. She pleaded with other women to be careful of such pastors. The pastor, who has since left the church, said: “I wish I could turn back the clock and undo everything I did. I apologise to all the women I’ve hurt.” Church elders said there would be a disciplinary hearing soon where all the women would be called to give their statements. A date has not yet been set. The pastor left the church before the disciplinary hearing was decided, but he said he’d avail himself for the hearing.