Thirty-four teachers in Gauteng have succumbed to Covid-19 related illnesses. The province is in the process of making temporary appointments to fill the vacancies.    Education
 MEC Panyaza Lesufi said they will be welcoming almost 4 000 new teacher
 assistants to provide additional administrative support to teachers. Lesufi claimed they had concluded the delivery of PPE, learning and teaching materials in all schools.  "There
 is no single school that doesn't have these material[s]. We are 
monitoring some Section 21 schools that might not have concluded the 
buying of stationery. We are pleased that almost 99% of schools have 
started distribution," said Lesufi. Vandalism Lesufi said about 370 schools were vandalised by communities. "This
 is [a] sore point and makes us angry. We are proud that 332 have been 
fully repaired. There are two schools where community members and SGB 
members deliberately burnt [the schools] down. We told them we are not 
going to repair those schools and they must see to finish. "We 
can't take money from people that need new schools and go and repair 
where parents have deliberately burnt it down. Those two schools are 
standing unattended. We have delivered 211 mobile classrooms and are 
addressing shortages in areas where we believe additional schools are 
needed."  Lesufi said they have identified 108 schools in 14 districts that need additional support.  The department has transferred funds to those schools to build an additional 498 classrooms in the interim.  Lesufi said they will bring back their commitment to open a new school every month in high-pressured areas.  On Monday, the province will be opening the new, state-of-the-art Abram Hlophe Primary School in Katlehong. "We
 are going to reopen three new schools during the first quarter. All 
scholar transport vehicles must adhere to safety guidelines and no 
overloading. Scholar transport brigades will assist in enforcing the 
regulations," said Lesufi. Proud "The class
 of 2020 has made Gauteng proud. We have concluded marking and are 
consolidating marks to hand it to Umalusi. We thought this will be a 
lost case, and they should be proud when results are available. "We
 urge Umalusi to assess fairly because there was Covid-19 in 2020. They 
worked abnormally hard. Please ensure they are not penalised unfairly.   "We
 remain hopeful... by the time Umalusi releases the results, our 
children and parents will be proud of the class of 2020 for their hard 
work and dedication," Lesufi said. News24     