MZANSI continued to receive good news on Monday night, as President Cyril Ramaphosa eased alert level lockdown restrictions that lifted the ban on alcohol sales, opened public parks and beaches as well as churches. The good news comes at the back of the first batch of one million vaccine doses that will be prioritized for health workers in the first phase of the vaccination program which is estimated to start mid-February after the doses had been checked and passed certain tests. Ramaphosa said the country remains on adjusted alert level 3 but certain restrictions have been eased, lifting a ban on alcohol sale and allowing restaurants, pubs, shebeen and taverns to operate throughout the week from 10am to 9pm. The rest of eased restrictions included: Ramaphosa said these measures would be revisited when the need arises and urged people to drink responsibly as the country was still vulnerable to another wave despite the arrival of the vaccines and more expected in the next few weeks. Ramaphosa said he has decided to ease the restrictions following advice from his advisors on the pandemic after the country’s recorded new infections had fallen by half in the last week compared to the beginning of the year when the second wave was at its peak. Further, he said, the hospital admissions were fallen but cautioned that while all indicators were that the country was heading in the right direction, relatively high rates of transmissions were being experienced. He said at the peak of the second wave, the country recorded over 2300 hospital admissions in a day and this has fallen to 295 hospital admissions by the 29th of January. “We are pleased that across the country, most people are adhering to the restrictions we have had to impose and are diligently observing the basic health measures needed to prevent infection. “I want to call on all of us to drink responsibly so that we do not experience a spike in trauma cases or an increase in infections due to reckless behaviour. As we ease restrictions once again, the responsibility on every one of us as individuals becomes even greater. “Let us remember that despite the clear progress we have made, the number of new cases is still high and there is an ever-present danger of a resurgence. It is, therefore, necessary to maintain the country on coronavirus alert level 3, indicating the continued high risk of transmission,” he said. Still banned were social gatherings, political events, traditional council meetings and gatherings at sports grounds. Funerals may not be attended by more than 50 people, and there needs to be social distancing, hand sanitising and mask-wearing, which is compulsory for everyone in a public space. Ramaphosa also announced that more millions of vaccine doses should be expected in the next few weeks and months as the government is gearing up to vaccinate over 40 million people that will enable to turn the tide against the spread of the virus. He said the government was in talks with several suppliers to source vaccines. The following batches of doses were expected: “South Africa will also receive an allocation of vaccine doses through the African Union, which has been negotiating with manufacturers to secure vaccines for the entire continent on a pooled basis. “Through the African Vaccine Acquisition Task Team of the African Union, we have to date secured 1 billion vaccines for the entire continent, he said without revealing how much was the country’s share.