RAMAHLWE “Rama” Mphahlele is one of the most important players for Kaizer Chiefs this season. Amakhosi coach Gavin Hunt has relied on the 31-year-old to be one of the leaders in the team, even though age could be running out fast for him. He has been handed the captain’s armband when he has been fit to play and has been a constant feature at the back. His absence in the past few matches has been felt, according to Hunt. The former Bidvest Wits mentor can hardly wait to have Mphahlele back and available for selection. Chiefs have not won since Mphahlele went off injured in their match against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) a fortnight ago. They drew with Stellenbosch FC and Baroka FC before losing to Orlando Pirates in the three matches he has missed. Rama, as he is affectionately known, could be back in Hunt’s team that will face GladAfrica Championship side Richards Bay in the Nedbank Cup last-32 at the FNB Stadium on Sunday (5pm). “Rama has been out for the past three matches and we have really missed him,” said Hunt. “He was not fit enough for the Soweto derby. I don’t know if he will be fit for our next match but we need him back. “I don’t really like to change my centre backs but we had no choice with the injuries we’ve had.” Mphahlele has managed to work himself back into the team under Hunt, having struggled for game time under the previous coach, Ernst Middendorp. He has already played 14 matches this season, nine of those appearances as a centre back. Mphahlele only made six appearances for Amakhosi last season and his future at the club was in doubt. But the arrival of Hunt at the beginning of the season changed everything for the Ga-Mphahlele-born defender. “I brought him in there at the start of the season because we needed someone like him,” added Hunt. “He has done well at centre-back, we need him to do that. We really need him back as soon as possible. “We now have a few players back from injury, Reeve (Frosler) included. “This gives us good options in defence. “The defence has been the one problematic area but it’s looking better, we now need to stabilise our central midfield.”