AMAZULU advanced to the Nedbank Cup last-16 after beating neighbours Golden Arrows 5-4 on penalty shoot outs at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday afternoon. The game had finished 1-1 after extra time but Luvuyo Memela scored the all important penalty to see the Usuthu go through. The home side had settled it first and Michael Gumede scored in just 14th minute game started. However, with the home side thinking they were closing off the win, Lehlohonolo Majoro popped up to score an equalizer in the 92nd minute. He met a brilliant cross from Memela and blasted the ball past hapless Sifiso Mulngwana to see the game going to extra time. Coach Mandla Ncikazi had warned his side before the game that the AmaZulu are not longer the same side they beat 2-0 at Jonnson Kings Park Stadium last year December. That game McCarthy was on the stands as the former Cape Town City coach was just appointed few days ago to replace Ayanda Dlamini. Indeed Usuthu came to this game after winning their last three league matches, including a breath-taking encounter against Bloemfontein Celtic in their last game. Ncikazi got the exactly what he predicted. AmaZulu were deserved winners of the game. They were much better side although they conceded early. Usuthu sloppily lost position to be punished. Limbikani Mvaza lost the ball cheaply in his half when he was trying to pass the ball through the middle. It was intercepted and Knox Mutizwa linked well with Gumede, who riffled the ball past Siyabonga Mbatha. But Majoro, who came in the second half, spared Mzava’s blushes as he combined well with Memela for the equalizer. This after Arrows completely went to sleep on their right hand side. This Arrows exit means they weren’t able to repeat what they did to AmaZulu in 2014 in the same stage. Arrows then won 2-1 when Ncikazi’s now assistant coach Mabhuti Khanyeza scored one of the goals to see them walk away 2-1 victorious. Arrows are crashing out season of the first round of this competition for the second season running. They embarrassingly bowed out to Vaal University of Technology (VUT) under Steve Komphela  to become the first top flight side to lose to a fourth tier of Mzansi’s football pyramid. On the other hand, AmaZulu lost in the round of 16 to losing finalists Bloemfontein Celtic as they were hammered by 4-1.