Influencer and YouTuber, Mihlali Ndamase has shared details about a scary ordeal she had at a filling station on Saturday, 7 February. Mihlali said she was threatened to be shot by a man she met at the filling station. She took to Twitter to talk about the encounter she had with the man. She said the man stared at her and when she asked why he was looking at her, he started making the threats. “A guy just threatened to shoot me at a garage cause I asked what he’s looking at. How do you walk up to me in a store aisle, stand and stare then get upset when asked what’s up? I was so scared cause he had his hand in his pants, so he actually could’ve done it,” she wrote. ALSO READ | REALITY SHOW FOR THE PASTOR'S WIVES! Mihlali said she thought the man would actually shoot her and get away with it. She wrote: “Imagine threatening to kill someone at a garage in broad daylight. I’m still low-key shaken. The whole time I was standing there thinking he’d actually get away with it.” “This man was screaming at me and swearing guys. He was swearing like I had done something to him cause I asked what he’s looking at. Even the petrol attendants outside asked him what’s wrong when he walked out. Hayi I can’t believe it,” she continued. She said what made it worse was that nobody in the garage said anything. People on her comment section had mixed reactions. While some said sorry to her for going through the experience, others asked how she spoke to the man, saying maybe the manner in which she spoke triggered him. However, Mihlali didn’t take the comments lying down. She said people mustn’t ask her how she posed her question. “Also, what we’re not going to do is discuss indlela endibuze ngayo, men are so entitled. Nothing makes threatening someone okay. Don’t annoy me please, already ndinaar,” she said. A guy just threatened to shoot me at a garage coz I asked what he’s looking at. How do you walk up to me in a store aisle, stand & stare then get upset when asked what’s up. I was so scared, coz he had his hand in his pants so he actually could’ve done it. Imagine threatening to kill someone at a garage in broad daylight. I’m still low-key shaken, the whole time I was standing there thinking he’d actually get away with it ?? This man was screaming at me swearing guys, swearing like I did something to him coz I asked what he’s looking at. Even the petrol attendants outside asked him what’s wrong when he walked out. Hayi I can’t believe it Also what we not gonna do is discuss indlela endibuze ngayo, men are so entitled. Nothing makes threatening someone okay.Don’t annoy me please, already ndinaar.    