THE amount of public criticism often meted out to the Proteas is nothing compared to what Bafana Bafana often go through. The Proteas players wilt under incessant pressure and should probably consider retiring from international cricket. The Proteas have been worse than non-Test playing teams. In the famous words of former sports minister Fikile Mbalula, they are a bunch of losers! And there appears to be no light at the end of the tunnel for a team which looks nothing but a shadow of its former self. And to make matters worse, Mark Boucher’s side were defeated 2-0 in their two-match Test series against Pakistan in the two-match series in Rawalpindi this week. Just as they looked to have turned the corner with a two-match series win against Sri Lanka last month, the Proteas seem to be back where they were for months. They’d last won a Test series in January 2019, against touring Pakistan, before thumping touring Sri Lanka. Their record reads four wins, nine losses, in 13 Tests, with most of the defeats suffered at home. It is not hard to figure out there are fundamental problems to the team, which have been plastered by victory against a weakened Sri Lanka side. The batting line-up hasn’t been solid since the cavalrymen retired, among them AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla, just to name two. Since Boucher replaced Ottis Gibson, the Proteas bowlers have allowed their opponents to score 300 or more in as many innings, without much resistance. Quinton de Kock is a fine batsman, but he seems to be choking under the pressures of captaining the side. His scoring in all formats of the game since last year makes for depressing reading: 30, 30, 17, 18, 10, 15, 2, 15, 29 and a duck. He is not alone. And it is not so much about his technique or undoubted talent. The captaincy armband really seems to be yoke around his neck. Perhaps he needs to be freed from the shackles of leadership so he can regain the form that earned him his Test debut exactly seven years ago. De Kock, though, can’t shoulder the blame alone, as seen with how his teammates capitulated against Pakistan in the second Test in Rawalpindi this week. But the team should be rebuked in the same way Bafana and the Springboks would. What a disgrace! Kgomotso Sethusha on Twitter @Kgomotsso