A GROUP of women has come together to challenge the Miss South Africa organisation. A letter written by the women, who started a campaign called #DearMissSA, led by Kwena Baloyi, has been doing the rounds on social media. Among their complaints is that they feel women are not well represented by Miss SA. “The time has come for us to address an issue that has been continually dismissed by your organisation and that is the business of representation. “For decades, we have engaged with your idea of beauty, the kind that is primarily based on serving the needs of archaic patriarchal and universalism norms,” read the letter. “Our women are not limited to your predictable choice of thin, able-bodied, cisgendered model type contestants. “We are also curvaceous, full-bodied, queer, transgender, disabled and gender queer.” Speaking to Daily Sun, Kwena said their concerns were about more than just representation. “We want to see how they empower women because the way we see it, no one is being empowered by the pageant. They get a young woman from university, she wins the pageant and is given a great and flashy life,” she said. “After everything is done, they take everything away from her. Where is the empowerment in that?” Kwena said they felt as if the organisation didn’t even support winners. “Miss SA 2019 Sasha-Lee Olivier was body-shamed; some people said she was pregnant. She put a video on Instagram on her own to address the issue. No one from Miss SA was next to her,” she said. Nondumiso Beattie, who is also part of the campaign, said they were moving to a second phase. “Now that we’ve sent out the letter and have not received a response, we will move on. In phase two, we invite South African women to post black and white pictures of themselves on social media and write anything that concerns them about Miss SA,” she said. “After the second phase, we want to host a conversation that we’ll post on Instagram. “We will discuss what changes we would like to see.” Miss South Africa organisation CEO Stephanie Weil said she was aware of the campaign. “We are aware of the letter and have e-mailed the writers to invite them to discuss it. At this time, we have not had a response from them. We have no further comment to make at this stage,” she said.