VENDA is broken without Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and it will take a while for the people in the Vhembe district to recover from the shock selling of the club. Tshilidzi Doboro, former Platinum Stars captain, admitted that he was heartbroken last week when news broke that Masala Mulaudzi sold TTM to Polokwane based businessman, Abram Sello. “It’s a sad time for Venda people,” said Doboro from his home village of Matanda. “People were happy to have a second team in the PSL (after Black Leopards) and they were going to support it all the way. “Like many other people, I was in love with Tshakhuma. My heart is broken. We did not even get a chance to go to Thohoyandou Stadium to watch Tshakhuma due to the Covid-19 pandemic. “To people in Venda is like when someone you deeply love divorces you. This is bad for the development of football in the district. “Tshakhuma bought hope for many youngsters around villages in Venda. These are sad days in Venda.” Doboro said he doubts if next season, Venda will have a team in the top flight. “Tshakhuma are going to Polokwane,” said Doboro, who has also played for Maritzburg United and Mpumalanga Black Aces. “We have Leopards who are known to fight against relegation every season. This season, how many coaches have they fired? “They are currently in the relegation zone. Last season they survived through the (promotion/relegation) play-offs and this season if things continue as like are, I see them getting relegated and Venda will not have a PSL team,” he stated. However, Leopards legend Coxwell “Magic” Ratshivhadelo, who is also from the district, said he saw this coming. “There were lots of rumours and I knew that Mulaudzi might sell the club,” said Ratshivhadelo. “It’s sad news to see Tshakhuma being sold but what can you do. I am in pain like anyone in Venda. It was good to have two PSL teams, for the economy and development of football in Vhembe.” Mulaudzi bought Bidvest Wits status five months ago and renamed the club TTM, which was a dream come true for the Venda people to have two DStv Premiership sides along with Leopards. But in their first season in the top flight, TTM struggled financially and Mulaudzi decided to accept Sello’s R50 million offer to buy Vhadau VhaDamani and will be relocating it to Polokwane.