Golden Arrows will aim to keep up their winning run in the 2020-21 DStv Premiership season when they host Black Leopards at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Tuesday. Kick-off is at 5pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Arrows racked up a third successive league victory when they defeated Stellenbosch FC 3-1 away last week, with an opening strike from Pule Mmodi and a brace from Michael Gumede. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed 18 points from eight home matches this season, with their last result as hosts a 2-0 win over Orlando Pirates in early February. "I am so grateful, I am proud of this team, proud of these players for the effort they've put in without complaints. It is good that the team is scoring, it is good that we are achieving our objectives and I just want us to continue the way we have been," said Arrows head coach Mandla Ncikazi. "I am Really proud of this team. "I am happy for Michael, for him to score two goals is great. He is humble and hard working as ever. There is an understanding between him and Knox [Mutizwa] and it is great when you have two strikers working together like that. I just hope that they continue like this so that other players can learn from them." Leopards, meanwhile, have suffered five straight defeats in the league after they were beaten 2-1 at Limpopo rivals Baroka FC on February 20 – a game in which defender Kenneth Nthatheni scored at both ends of the field. Lidoda Duvha have claimed just two points from six away matches this season. They have only avoided defeats on the road against Kaizer Chiefs and Stellenbosch FC. "This loss [against Baroka] is the hardest to take. The boys applied themselves very well, we deserved to get a point at least. If we continue to defend like we did it will be a problem. It is a lesson learnt, we conceded two very bad goals," said Leopards coach Lehlohonolo Seema. "We need to make sure that we defend better to give ourselves a chance. The defending [versus Baroka] was poor. "I need to pick the players up because on Tuesday we have another big game. We can win on Tuesday, it won't be easy because Arrows have been doing very well. We have to soldier on, if we defend better we can get something in Durban." In head-to-head stats, Arrows and Leopards have met in 22 top-flight league matches since the 2001-02 season. Abafana Bes’thende have claimed eight wins compared to seven for Lidoda Duvha, while seven games have been drawn. The Durban side has claimed seven wins and suffered one defeat from 11 matches as hosts in this rivalry. Last season, Leopards claimed a league ‘double’ over Arrows by winning 2-1 both at Thohoyandou Stadium in November 2019 and at Ellis Park Stadium in August 2020. -SuperSport