SINCE COPS took his sound system speaker last year because he was making loud music, he’s been trying to get it back. But when cops refused to give him the speaker, he threw five litres of kak at a police van. AND HE HOPED BHEKI CELE WOULD SEE HIM DO IT! “I was going to do it last Friday, but I heard the minister was coming to the police station so I waited for Wednesday,” said Mongezi Gubuza (47) from Khayelitsha, Cape Town. He said he’d been storing his kak for days before going to the cop shop. “I live in an informal settlement, and at night I relieve myself in a bucket. “I’ve been storing my own kak and urine for four days since Sunday for this protest. The incident happened during Cele’s visit to the cop shop, and the minister had just addressed the media and was still at the cop shop with police management. He said he’s been trying to get his speaker back since late last year, and he’s totally fed up! He said on the day of the incident last year, he and his friends played music until midnight.  “Patrolling cops came around and told us to disperse, but some of my friends carried on dancing. We were drunk, so some of the people didn’t listen,” he said.” Cops then took the speaker. He said he was arrested and spent the night in jail. Cops told him they’d opened a case against him, but he didn’t get a case number or knew what the charge against him was.  But then he tried to get his speaker back. . . Is Mongezi sorry about what he did? ALSO READ: JUJU
AND ZUMA SMOKE PEACE PIPE! He said he’d be happy to pour more kak at the station until he got his speaker back. “I paid R3 000 for that speaker and they took it, just like that,” he said.  He said if it wasn’t for his son, he’d have petrol-bombed the cop shop. Resident Zuko Yhukutwana (44) told the People’s Paper: “He talks about it (missing speaker) to anyone who cares to listen.” Colonel Andre Traut said: “Any person with a complaint against police is encouraged to approach management so that an investigation can be launched. “Throwing waste at our vehicles, or any other irresponsible behaviour, could land you in serious trouble.” 