THE ANC has kicked the can further down the road on the step-aside resolution for members charged or implicated in corruption during its national executive committee (NEC) meeting this weekend. The NEC meeting was widely expected to come out clear on the resolution after guidelines on the resolution were presented to the NEC for debate. The guidelines were put together by party veterans among others former president Kgalema Motlanthe to help the organization deal with compromised members. The urgency to clarify the resolution was further necessitated by the awkward situation the party finds itself in after secretary-general Ace Magashule was charged with a range of 21 charges ranging from corruption and fraud related to a multi million asbestos project in the Free State. After appearing before the Integrity Commission, Magashule was advised to step aside by the commission for the sake of the party. The commission also recommended that the NEC must suspend Magashule if he failed to voluntarily step aside. But it would appear the ANC’s hands are tight following the meeting the weekend where no conclusion was reached. President Cyril Ramaphosa in his closing remarks said the guidelines would need to be canvassed further within the structures of the party. Without mentioning any names, Ramaphosa called on affected members to voluntarily step aside. He said the meeting had adopted the guidelines on implementing resolutions of the 54th Conference on members and leaders in conflict with the law or accused of serious misdemeanours. This was fundamental to the renewal of the movement and to strengthen the integrity and credibility of the ANC. A dedicated team will now work on the document and refine it, taking into account NEC inputs. Provinces would also be consulted and the party’s national working committee has been mandated to finalize the guidelines within the next month to ensure immediate implementation. Ramaphosa said the implementation of the guidelines formed a critical pillar of the movement’s program of renewal and unity. “It should be emphasised that the starting point in realising the Conference’s resolutions on this matter is a reliance on the revolutionary conscience of members and leaders – for affected individuals themselves to act voluntarily without compulsion from the movement’s structures,” he said. It was in this spirit that Ramaphosa said the organization was relying on affected members like Magashule to step aside to protect and enhance the integrity of the ANC