SOCIAL Development MEC Nonhlanhla Khoza has asked the police not to leave any stone unturned. This after the hijacking of a social worker who was assigned to offer psychological support to the Sigampu family in Inanda, north of Durban. The incident happened in Eshowe on Thursday. The Sigampu family had lost four of their loved ones during a massacre that claimed the lives of six people in the Khumalo homestead in Nkanini, Eshowe on Saturday. During the killings, husband Christopher (72), wife Bhikho (62), daughter Mbali (29), niece Snothile (18), grandchildren Thabo (10) and Elihle Khumalo (7) were gathered in a bedroom and gunned down, allegedly by their relative Sthembiso Mthimkhulu (36), who is also a social worker. He appeared in the Eshowe Magistrates Court on Wednesday, facing six counts of murder, and the case was postponed to 5 March. Witchcraft was allegedly the motive of the killing. Khoza expressed shock and disgust over the hijacking. “The social worker was hijacked at gunpoint in the premises of the social development service office. It is equally painful that we assigned one of our workers to provide support to some of the family members that were moved to Inanda after the horrendous incident, and he was hijacked. He was supposed to hand over the matter to his colleagues at Inanda office,” she said. Khoza urged law enforcement agencies to investigate the spate of hijackings of state vehicles. “It is unfortunate that while we are supposed to give support to the bereaved families, we also have to ensure the well-being of our social workers,” said Khoza. She added that they would continue to provide support to the victims, and that they were pleased the provincial government had taken the matter into its own hands to provide support. Passing her remarks on the killings, she said they were really taken aback. “We couldn’t expect that a social worker can be involved in such a horrific incident to wipe out the entire family. We don’t know what could have led to such an incident, but we want to assure the family that government feels their pain and will support them throughout their painful journey. We’re not a government that only comes to residents when it’s good; we also come during difficult times,” she said.