ORLANDO Pirates captain Happy Jele says they will use the spirit that saw them lift the MTN8 Cup to ensure they lay their hands on the Nedbank Cup trophy. Pirates take on GladAfrica Championship side Uthongathi FC in the Ke Yona Cup last-32 round at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Pirates are still reeling following a shock 2-0 defeat to Golden Arrows in a DStv Premiership match at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Tuesday. Jele said consistency will be vital if they are to win their second trophy this season and also ensure they don’t lose sight of pace setters in the title race. Said Jele: “At the beginning of the season (after winning the MTN8), we lost a lot of things like concentration. We have been lacking a bit, but we need to show up and raise our hand that it’s us we need to blame (for lack of consistency), not the coach (Josef Zinnbauer). "We need to lift our socks and we are capable of doing well. We showed in the MTN8. Now we have to push and lift other guys to get results and be consistent in the league.” He added: “Pirates are a big team and we can’t afford to lose matches the way we did yesterday (2-0 to Golden Arrows). “We should work as a unit and improve. The way we played in the MTN8, we need that spirit to lift our heads and keep going.” However, the veteran defender is aware that Uthongathi won’t be a walk in the park since they also want to make a name for themselves by lifting the Ke Yona trophy that comes with a reward to compete in Caf competitions. Explained Jele: “It’s very difficult to play a team that you don’t know. “Obviously, we can’t decide (opponents) but we have to prepare ourselves very well for this coming game and so far we started to analyse them today (Wednesday) and it’s going well. The coach and analyst have been working so hard so that we can get information to ensure we capitalise on the weekend. We are hoping that come match day, we’ll be prepared.” Jele reckons he still has a lot to learn despite being the longest serving member in the team. He is now in his 15th season with Bucs. “It feels great to play for Pirates for such a long time. Obviously, this season personally didn’t start well (warming the bench) and I had to work hard to come back for my position (in central defence). At least I am getting some game time, but I still need to improve a lot of things in my game,” he added.