A GROUP of pastors who used to work for Universal Church have come forward to voice what they called “abuse” by the church. While at the CRL Rights Commission at Braampark in Braamfontein, Joburg on Friday, the pastors left no stone unturned sharing their incidents. Pastor Bongani Manyisa said he joined the church when he was 22 years old after being approached by ushers while passing at a Soweto branch. They told him to come inside so they can pray for him. “I regret going in on that day because that was the beginning of my problems,” the pastor told the commission. He said after the prayers, he started attending the church regularly. And because of his commitment, he soon also became an usher. “Because of my hard work, I was soon promoted to pastor.” He said he received a three-month training and started preaching. “As a pastor, the church didn’t want me to mix with the outside world. It got me isolated from my family.” He said he was not allowed to attend family gatherings, including funerals. “When I was totally uninvolved and a stranger to my family, the church started with the bad treatment. They knew that I wouldn’t have anywhere to run to.” He said they were not allowed to use smartphones, and were deprived of education. “They didn’t want us to be informed about things happening in the world. We were not allowed to do anything except to focus on the church. We were only allowed to read church-related material. If found reading a book, magazine or newspaper, you would be in trouble.” Manyisa said they also had no privacy. Pastor Amos said the Universal Church perfomed vasectomy on them without their consent. Vasectomy was to prevent them from being able to make children. @dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/SiDPK2ySiz  “Sometimes you’d be asleep at your house and someone would just barge in and search for any device such as a smartphone or laptop.” He said the worst the church did was to perform a vasectomy on them. “Vasectomy meant that we wouldn’t be able to have children ever again, and that was done without our concern.” The pastor does not have kids. Pastor Bongani said the Universal Church deprived then of Education. They were not allowed to have smart phones. They were not allowed to read anything else that's not related to the church.@dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/lH4RZZAoqz  Pastor Amos Ngququ gave almost the same testimony, stating that even the wives they had, they did not choose themselves. “We had no say. You were just told ‘here is the person you will marry next week’.” He said your family was not told or allowed to be part of the ceremony. “Women, too, did not chose who to marry.” He said sometimes, a woman would expect to marry a certain man next week, only to be told two days before the wedding that they were no longer getting married to them, but to someone else instead. “After that, life would continue as if nothing had happened,” he said. Ngququ said their mandate as pastors was to make money for the church. “We were told to ‘shear the wool until the skin shows’ or they would say ‘don’t leave them until they bleed’,” he said. He added that these phrases meant they had to rip the people off everything, and take as much money from them as they possible can. The pastor said he was ashamed of everything he did. There was a lot of racism in the church too, the pastors shared. “The church was founded in Brazil, and so Brazilian pastors were treated like kings while we were treated like slaves,” said Ngququ. When they tried to question certain things, they would be punished or chased away. Pastor Bongani says the Universal church separated them from their families and when that's done, they started abusing them knowing that they will have nowhere to run to.@dailysunsa pic.twitter.com/2EeCezsLJk  “When chased away, some ended up on the streets because they had nowhere to go. They had no families or money even though they had made millions for the church,” he continued. The commission promised to investigate. Commission chairperson Professor David Mosoma said they would also try and find church representatives so they can give their side of the story. The commission was expecting more pastors to come forward to testify against the church. Daily Sun’s attempts to reach the church were fruitless.