WHAT is already promising to be an enthralling GladAfrica Championship title race is set to intensify this weekend. Almost halfway through the season, a host of teams are still in the race and stand a realistic chance of winning the league. The team occupying 10th on the Championship standings, Cape Town All Stars, are only seven points behind the leaders, Richards Bay. That is how close teams are to each other at this point. The likes of Sekhukhune United and JDR Stars, who occupy second and third place respectively, are hot on the heels of the Natal Rich Boyz. The pair are only a solitary point behind the KwaZulu-Natal side and will be looking to pounce on any mistake. JDR coach Nnditsheni Nemasisi believes the next five matches will separate the pretenders from real contenders. “It is very nice the way it is at the top right now,” said Nemasisi. “There are quite a number of teams there fighting. I think the next five or so matches will give a clear indication of where things are going to go. “We are nearly midway through the season and I’m happy with where we are. We had our targets and we are four or five points away from that but I don’t think it’s too bad.” The Hammer Boys next host Real King at Giant Stadium in Soshanguve tomorrow (3.30pm). “It will be another tough one,” added Nemasisi. Meanwhile, Jomo Cosmos seem to be falling away having started the season well. They are currently on a three-match winless run in the league and have fallen down to fifth place on the log, four points off the pace. But Cosmos boss and coach Jomo Sono is confident that his side will get back on track soon. Ezenkosi next face Polokwane City at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). “We still have two important players who will come back and make a huge difference to this team,” said Sono. “But I’m happy with our progress. I think we are doing well given the issues we’ve had.” The leaders, on the other hand, will be involved in a KZN derby against Uthongathi to be played at Richards Bay Stadium. Simo Dladla, the coach of Richards Bay, believes it is high time he won something after a number of seasons in the second-tier. “I have been around a long time and my best finish is fourth with Real Kings,” he said. “I feel I need to win something, soon.”