ORLANDO Pirates will look to carry their momentum from their third straight Soweto derby triumph into their next match. The Buccaneers travel to KwaZulu Natal, for one of the only two DStv Premiership encounters today, where they will face Golden Arrows at the Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium (5pm). Pirates head into the clash buoyed by their 2-1 win over arch-rivals Kaizer Chiefs at the weekend, but would tread carefully against an Arrows side that won their KZN derby 2-1 against Maritzburg United on Saturday. Bucs coach Josef Zinnbauer will be expecting a similar, if not better, performance against the sharp Arrows team. The German tactician and his side have a clear idea of what to expect against Mandla Ncikazi’s side, having faced them over two weeks ago. That match finished in a goalless draw. Zinnabuer is hoping his side can maintain some consistency as they look to get closer to the title chasing trio of Mamelodi Sundowns, SuperSport United and Swallows FC. Pirates are currently fourth on the Premiership standings with 25 points from 15 matches.“The thinking is always to get three points,” said Zinnbauer.“It doesn’t matter which opponent we face. We feel pain when we miss the chance to get maximum points.“We need to focus on getting three points in the next game.”Ncikazi’s charges have only lost once this season and they will be no pushovers for Pirates, as they showed in their previous meeting.Abafan Bes’thende are having one of their better seasons and have collected 22 points from 15 matches.They are just three points behind Pirates and could leapfrog the Soweto giants if they can pull a rabbit out of the hat.“It’s a bad time to play such an encounter at the back of their good win in the Soweto derby,” Ncikazi.“And to make matters worse, we have lost a number of players this month for different reasons which is really tough to handle considering we have a small squad.“We hardly change our team and I’m praying that fatigue is not a factor against Pirates. The spirit in camp is good after our win in the derby, the boys will give their best as always.”