TWITTER
user, Aviwe Brandon, has alleged his friend has been sexual harassed by a man
who allegedly works for Moja Love. Brandon
took to social media on Monday and wrote: "I'm so mad at MojaLoveTv @
Umphakathi_Moja. My friend auditioned for the presenter search and got shortlisted
by this man. If this is the way @MojaLoveTv of ‘opening up the
industry’, it’s totally wrong." His post
was accompanied by screenshots of a conversation between his friend and the
man.In one of
the messages the man, who is only identified as Nhlanhla, asks the victim if
she is a straight-forward person and willing to take a risk."Risk
as in like - there was a job opportunity and you had two options: It's either
you have to bribe or sleep with the boss for it. Which one would you go
for?" ALSO READ: IDLOZI BEES ON MY STALL To which
the victim asks why she was shortlisted if she still has to do that."That's
how the industry works but as long as it's our secret," the man responds. Then the
victim declines the offer. But this
did not discouraged the man as he goes on to offer the victim 'a simple deal'
which was to send him nudes. This thread
attracted an outcry from the public, rights organisation and media
personalities. Actress and
media personality Rosie Motene asked Aviwe to send her the details so that an
official complaint can be made to the broadcaster.  "Secondly,
we can also give a list of respected talent agencies who could possibly
represent her," she wrote. Another
actress, Thembisa (Mdoda) Nxumalo thanked Aviwe for coming through for his
friend. She wrote:
"Thank God she has a friend like you. I’m proud of your friend for
speaking out and not falling for this. I am so sorry she had to go through
something like this and I hope she doesn’t believe that the entire industry is
like this????. The
Independent Producers Organisation also promised to step in. "Please
let us know if you need help with the next steps. DM is open," they
wrote. Social
media user, Siya@6888 said this was a trend among men in the entertainment
industry. "Men
in the entertainment industry are pervs. A popular TV presenter was fired at
SuperSport for this sort of nonsense of taking advantage of girls trying to
work their way up in television," he wrote. ALSO READ: UKHOZI FM’S TSHATHA SILENCED BY SABC! Daily
Sun managed to
speak to the victim but she refused to talk about it. "I
don't want to put Moja Love in a bad light so I’d rather not discuss it
with the media" she said. Moja Love TV issued an informal statement via Twitter, promising to investigate the
matter. "We
are in the process of identifying and taking action against this person who is
a scammer and does not work for the channel. We call upon Moja LOVERS to report
such matters by sending an email to fraudalert@mojalove.co.za,"
the statement reads.  The head of the channel, Bokani Moya issued a formal
statement warning the public of the job scam. "We are deeply perturbed by the increasingly frequent
occurrences where individuals are posing as the channels' employees and
scamming the unsuspecting members of the public out of their hard earned money
or requesting sexual favors by promising them employment on the channel.
Members of the public are urged to be on the alert and report this criminal
activity. The channel has instituted an investigation and all individuals
involved in this scam will be held accountable," the statement
reads. 