FINALLY, women’s football will return to action. There’s huge excitement after the Safa National Women’s League clubs were given the green light to resume training to prepare for the new season after not being active for the past 10 months. The first season was suspended in March last year due to the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic. By that time, Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies had already won the title mathematically. They had amassed 60 points in 20 matches, with just two games left to be played and no one could overtake the Brazilians Ladies. However, some clubs like the university teams are facing the challenge of getting back their players back on campus. University of Western Cape coach Thinasonke Mbuli said: “For us, it will be very difficult to resume training. Remember we are a university team. Students are not allowed to be on campus, so we have to apply for permits. “After getting permits, players still need to be tested before we can do anything, so our preparations will not start anytime soon. But it’s good now that we have got the permission (to start training) now and we are happy that we will be going back to the field.” Sundowns Ladies coach Jerry Tshabalala also admitted there would be challenges, but he believes they will succeed. Tshabalala said: “We are going to start our preparations next week after testing and getting the Covid-19 results. “Getting players ready after such a long time of no action will be a challenge. Not only for us, but all the teams. But I believe we will conquer.” In the first season the league had 12 teams, and the new campaign, which is expected to kick-off on the first week of April, will have 14 teams with the addition of JVW and MaIndies who were both promoted to the SNWL from Sasol league. JVW captain Nompumelelo Nyandeni said they are excited with the call to return to training. She said: “It has been difficult for us. We last played in December 2019 in the finals of the Sasol League National Championships. The whole of 2020 we did not play. “But now we are excited that we will finally make our debut in the Safa National League, and we are going there to compete.”