GOVERNMENT leaders supported the looting of public funds. This startling revelation was made by Themba Godi, former chairman of the Standing Committee on Public Accounts (Scopa), at the Zondo Commission today. He said executives did nothing to stop the looting of public funds despite his committee raising concerns “year-in and year-out” about illegal and wasteful expenditure. “There was a lack of political and administrative will to do what is right for the country to stop the looting of public funds,” said Godi. He said in an effort to remedy the situation, he approached chair of chairs, Cedric Frolic, who assured him the office of the speaker would configure a so-called dashboard which would keep track of deadlines and follow-ups to ensure compliance of all house resolutions. “It did not happen. By the time I left in May 2019 there was no such dashboard configured, meaning there was still no system to track and monitor compliance with resolutions of the house,” he said. Godi said another contributing factor was political allegiance. He said members would come to portfolio committees with a political mandate and stance, and facts and reason would not sway them otherwise. “Especially with the majority party (ANC). I say this with no malice. Many of our comrades in the portfolio committees were very pliable and acted like useful idiots of the executives, if I can use that word, in terms of not playing oversight, but defend officials,” he said. Godi said the high number of unauthorised and irregular expenditure happened in fourth and fifth Parliament (former president Jacob Zuma’s administration). “If one looks at our resolutions, you’ll hardly find a resolution where we are not calling for action to be taken against officials who have not complied with legislation. Because how then do you get things right if there are no consequences for them,” he said. Godi said this applied to ministers as well. He said that it was a norm that people who did not comply would be moved from one department to another or resign without action taken against them. He said when he took over as chair, ministers were not required to attend Scopa meetings, but he changed that.