ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule is likely to face additional charges when he appears in the Bloemfontein Magistrate’s Court on Friday on a range of charges, including fraud, money laundering, and racketeering. This comes as thousands of Magashule supporters are descending in the town rose to show their support for the once number one citizen of the province. Arrangements were already underway by Thursday late afternoon for a night vigil where the known Radical Economic Transformation followers were expected to converge. This comes at the back of Magashule’s opponents in the province led by former economic development MEC Mxolisi Dukwane who on Thursday held a press conference discouraging people for taking part in the pro-Magashule protest on Friday when he appears in court. And on the other hand pro-Magashule force was gaining momentum as one of the organizers MKMVA spokesman Carl Niehaus revealed that members would be showing up on Friday to show support for Magashule. Niehaus said there would be a night vigil where the members would be showing their support for Magashule and admitted that controlling the crowd during alert level 3 was going to be a challenge. “We are going to have people in groups of 200 so that we can have social distancing,” he said. The anti-Magashule gang in the province though is appealing for ANC members to distance themselves from this protest saying charges against the former first citizen of the province has disadvantaged a lot of poor people. The group said people in the province should let the law take its cause and let Magashule answer these allegations. It has now emerged that Magashule might be facing additional charges to the 21 that he has been charged with. National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Sipho Ngwema has confirmed to Daily Sun that there would be additional charges when Magashule appears on Friday. Ngwema did not reveal the nature of the charges. By late afternoon activities leading to the night vigil had not started even though Niehaus has promised some action over the night.