SCHOOLS across Mzansi opened on Monday, 15 February. But Diepsloot primary and secondary schools have not opened yet. Residents said infrastructure was vandalised and stolen and schools didn’t have water and electricity. Resident Philani Maseko (57) said: “Our children might be exposed to crime while most parents are at work. I hope the school problem will be fixed.” Lucy Skhosana (43) said children shouldn’t be punished because of negligence and criminal elements. “We’ll march to the Department of Education if schools continue to be closed,” she said. DA Gauteng shadow education MEC Khume Ramulifho said they conducted oversight inspections at the two schools on Friday, 19 February. He said they discovered schooling had not resumed due to a lack of water and electricity, as well as vandalism of ablution facilities and mobile classrooms. “The schools had a number of burglaries and vandalism during the school holidays. “Electricity cables and borehole pumps were stolen while the security burglar bars for the mobile classrooms were either stolen or damaged. “It’s appalling to learn the department is aware of the situation, yet nothing has been done to provide alternative resources. “While pupils across the province are attending school, pupils from these schools are at home.” Ramulifho said Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi should be held accountable for problems in these schools. “It’s high time Lesufi stopped boasting about state-of-the-art schools being built while these two schools remain in an awful condition,” he said. “We’ve written to Lesufi asking him to attend to these schools as a matter of urgency.” Gauteng education spokesman Steve Mabona said the community must choose between their children getting an education or destroying their facilities. “The department can’t continue to repair the same property time and again. “We’re going to fix it for the last time, and if they destroy it again they must take responsibility. “We’re still working hard for classes to resume by Wednesday.”