THE South Africa Football Association (Safa) CEO, Tebogo Motlanthe, has confirmed that the amateur leagues will kick-off at the beginning next month. All non-professional football was suspended with immediate effect a month ago following the resurgence of Covid-19 infections at that time. The matter was set to be reviewed by 31 January. Now the association has given the green light to amateur footballers to start training immediately and make sure they strictly follow safety and health directives as per government regulations. The amateur football leagues includes SAB League, ABC Motsepe League and Safa National Women’s League. “All the amateur football leagues have been permitted to start training with their season set to start at the beginning of March,” Motlanthe told SunSport yesterday. He said players will not test for Covid-19, but will only do temperature testing and follow safety regulations. He stated: “As the association, we would like to appeal to clubs, Safa regions and provincial structures to adhere to the health and safety directive at all times to mitigate the risk of spreading the virus. All teams must buy scanners for checking temperatures at all times and no spectators should be allowed at training sessions and matches.” The suspension of amateur football forced major changes in the local football, as for the first time ever we saw the Nedbank Cup, which started this past weekend, without any amateur clubs and being contested by the 16 DStv Premiership and 16 GladAfrica Championship clubs. The decision was taken by the association following their suspension of all amateur football activity in an attempt to combat the second wave of Covid-19. Last season the Motsepe League was declared null and void with the top teams at that stage declared provincial champions. Safa announced that there would be no relegation of the bottom two teams from each provincial stream, which will result in an increase to 18 teams in each province for the new 2020-2021 season.