  Shortly after court adjourned, a folded piece of paper with Malephane's handwriting was given to the Pule family. Malaphane
 had penned an apology letter to Pule's family, who silently wept behind
 him in the court gallery at the Gauteng High Court in Johannesburg on 
Friday. In it, he stated remorse for taking Pule's life. "I
 am writing this letter to share with you what has been on my mind and 
heart, I stayed awake writing this letter (in) my head and each time I 
found myself balling up the pages. I couldn't find the right words to 
convey how deeply remorseful I am for killing Tshegofatso Pule," read 
the letter.  "Somehow saying I am sorry for robbing her of her life 
and family seems to be (a) small gesture. Every time I thought back to 
that fateful night I find myself asking (this) question: 'Why didn't I 
just drive away or call for any help or go to the police? I have let 
down a lot of people and I will do everything in my power to learn from 
this regrettable doing and face the outcome of what transpired that 
night. I would like to extend my apologies once again," it continued. Pule's family said that they accepted the apology.  "We
 discussed it as a family. It's not up to us to deny him such an 
apology. We accept his apology, but at the end of the day he has to face
 the consequences," said her uncle Tumisang Katake. The father
 of three was sentenced to 20 years for Pule's murder after entering 
into a plea deal with the State in exchange for testifying against the 
father of Pule's unborn child. Murder plot Documented
 in his plea deal, is a ghastly plot, allegedly hatched by Pule's 
ex-boyfriend, to stage her suicide in a bid to hide her pregnancy from 
his wife. Malephane said he went to school with Pule's ex-boyfriend and he offered him R70 000 to kill her. "He
 told the accused that he intended to hang Ms Pule from a bridge in 
Maraisburg. His plan was to take her phone and write a suicide message 
as a WhatsApp status on her phone," read the plea agreement. Pule's family said that this confirmed their suspicions. "We
 suspected from the very onset... that the boyfriend has something to do
 with it even after there was an arrest. We had so many calls on why the
 boyfriend had not been arrested, but our suspicions were confirmed 
today," said Katake.            