Cricket South Africa (CSA) have announced the
Proteas will embark on a historic first full limited-overs tour of Ireland in
July 2021. The matches are scheduled to be played as from
11-25 July and will comprise of three One-Day Internationals (ODIs) that
will form part of the ICC’s Cricket World Cup Super League (CWCSL) programme,
and three T20Is, with the games played in Malahide and Stormont. It is the first time the Proteas will tour
Ireland for more than one game, with their only other visit being in June 2007
when they played an ODI in Belfast. “We are extremely pleased to have finalised the
dates as quickly as we have and for that we would like to thank Cricket Ireland
for their cooperation and willingness to adapt the tour schedule as we continue
to finalize our winter programme,” commented CSA Director of Cricket, Graeme
Smith. “The tour marks a significant new chapter in
our history as we visit one of the fast-developing cricket nations for a
six-match tour. “Ireland have shown themselves to be highly
competitive adversaries in recent years, with a growing profile in the world
game. It will also offer our players further international action in unfamiliar
conditions, so we are looking forward to the contest.” Warren Deutrom, Chief Executive of Cricket
Ireland, added: “Given the significant changes to the Future Tours Programme
due to the postponement of home series’ from 2020 – and all other countries
having to reschedule fixtures over the period 2020-2023 – it has truly been a
jigsaw puzzle for world cricket administrators to try to make the pieces fit. “We look forward to the season ahead and thank
our touring opponents for working with us on this restructured season. For our
senior men, there are six World Cup Super League matches included in the
schedule, in which we welcome back South Africa who last played here 14 years
ago.”  The Proteas have played and beaten Ireland in
five ODIs over the years, including meetings at the 2007, 2011 and 2015 ICC Cricket
World Cups. Their last showdown was during a one-match tour to South
Africa by the Irish in 2016.  The two countries have never met in a
T20I.  Schedule: South Africa Men’s Tour to
Ireland  Sunday, 11 July 1st ODI (CWCSL) Ireland v South Africa,
Malahide  Tuesday, 13 July 2nd ODI (CWCSL) Ireland v South Africa,
Malahide  Friday, 16 July 3rd ODI (CWCSL) Ireland v South Africa,
Malahide  Tuesday, 20 July 1st T20I Ireland v South Africa, Malahide  Thursday, 22 July 2nd T20I Ireland v South Africa, Stormont  Sunday, 25 July 3rd T20I Ireland v South Africa, Stormont