STUDENT leaders clashed with cops in Cape Town during President Cyril Ramaphosa’s State of the Nation Address on Thursday evening, 11 February. Leaders from the South African Students Congress (SASCO) wanted to picket outside Parliament during Ramaphosa’s speech, but cops barred them. Cops outnumbered the group of students, who were pushed down Buitenkant Street to Grand Parade where they had gathered. The leaders said they had concerns around the budget cuts made in the Department of Higher Education. Last year, finance minister Tito Mboweni announced that in 2020/21, there would be budget cuts of R9 857 billion from the department. “It was a disservice to our people when Mboweni presented a midterm budget that proposed R9 billion to be taken from education. That can never be normal in a country that wants to recover economically. That’s why we are here. We are unrelenting, unperturbed or moved by the attempt by the police to silence us. We won’t be silenced,” said Buyile Matiwane, the deputy-president of SASCO. The organisation’s secretary-general Buthanani Thobela said it was disappointing that cops did not even want to listen to them. “We are going to engage POPCRU, as we always do, about our dissatisfaction on how their members treat people. This fight is not only about us, but about cops too as they also pay school fees for their children at universities,” said Thobela. National Education Health and Allied Workers Union secretary in Western Cape Eric Kweleta, who was in solidarity with students, said the police must be taught how to deal with people. “Their job is not to vilify, but to keep us safe. Yet you have seen what they are doing – pushing women and howling insults at us. They should be ashamed. There is a serious problem with policing in this country,” Kweleta said. The group warned cops that they would mobilise and come back in numbers as they believed they were fighting for a just cause. They said they would also call for the removal of Mboweni for being “anti-poor”.