SWALLOWS FC have set high standards for themselves this season. And their coach, Brandon Truter, is determined to ensure that they achieve their targets. The Dube Birds have performed well beyond expectations so far this season and have been the surprise package of this campaign. The Soweto outfit are yet to taste defeat in the DStv Premiership since their return to Mzansi’s top flight. They have gone 22 matches unbeaten in all competitions with their defeat coming against the University of Pretoria in a GladAfrica Championship match earlier last year. They have now gone through half of the season unbeaten, having faced every team in the top division. They are currently third in the Premiership table with 29 points from 15 matches, four behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. The bar has been raised so high at Swallows that anything less than a win is now considered not good enough as they push for the title. Their dull goalless draw with a resurgent AmaZulu side over the weekend was not well received by the ambitious Truter. “I would say it’s two points dropped as opposed to one point gained,” said Truter. “We expect to win all our home games. I’m not happy with the result but I can’t fault the boys’ performance. “At the end of the day, if you can’t win then it’s important not to lose.” Truter reckons his side will get back on the winning trail soon. They next face Cape Town City at Cape Town Stadium on Sunday (3.30pm). The coach insists they have enough quality and camaraderie in their team to sustain them until the end of the season. “The togetherness, the spirit and atmosphere in this team is immense,” added Truter. “The players like the tactical structure and philosophy that we have brought in. “We have a bunch of hard workers here. The players and the technical team have such a great understanding and work together well. “But the most important thing is the badge. This is such a big club and everyone wants to perform. “The players know that they have to perform to stay in the team. We have so many talented players that are not making the first 11 or even the match day squad, so competition is very high.”