INTANDO is better than korobela. This is according to gobela Mamtolo Mangena, who’s been practising as a sangoma for decades. Mangena, from Tsakane in Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun korobela wrecks marriages. However, she said, intando cements relationships. Mangena said both are mixed with food, or rubbed into the skin like a lotion, but korobela is made from bad plants. “More often than not, korobela doesn’t work and, if it does, it makes people sick,” she said. “Many begin to change their behaviour without realising it. “They don’t want to spend their time with anyone other than the person who gave them korobela. “They abandon their families and everyone who used to be close to them. “Sometimes they even leave their jobs because they only want to be with their partners.” Mangena said it becomes worse when korobela is given to a married person. . . They eventually leave their spouse for the person who used it on them! Mangena said the best way to get rid of korobela is to get detoxed by a qualified sangoma. This involves a lot of vomiting after taking an emetic. “But with intando, both partners are always happy without adultery issues and it lasts longer. They even grow old together,” he said. He said intando has been around for years but is not as popular. The price can be negotiated with the sangoma. A 35-year-old woman from Tembisa in Ekurhuleni told Daily Sun she used intando on her husband when she started suspecting he was having an affair. “I’ve been married to my husband for five years and we’ve had really good times. “But early last year I started witnessing odd behaviours from him. “He’d keep keep his phone close and had a sudden lack of interest in what we used to do together. “My mum told me about intando and that she’d get it from a sangoma she’s close to. A week later my mom hooked me up and told me how it was used.” She said she mixed it with his food one evening in December. “I felt bad as I saw him eat. But I was saving my marriage. “Things changed for the better. Silly arguments and shady calls are gone. We spend time together and he loves me more.”