IF one was to make some insensitive and careless comments, it would come as though Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) players sabotaged ex-coach Joel Masutha and then chairman Masala Mulaudzi into failure. But in reality, the strategy put in place by the new TTM regime, under chairman Ditonkana Sello, is working wonders and embarrassing the previous administration of their inability to motivate players. Speaking to SunSport following a successful stint since taking over the club, TTM liaison manager, Rufus Matsena, said they worked hard in ensuring that peace prevails at the club, and gave guarantees to players. “Motivation of the players and committing to them” with their needs was the critical element that turned the club’s fortunes around, according to Matsena. “Availing yourself to the players against any challenges that they may encounter, or have encountered was enough to make them feel that this club is theirs and care about them,” said Matsena, following TTM’s three victories on the trot, a feat that could have only been a wish for the previous regime. “We agree that the players had challenges, and with regards to clearing all their outstanding debts, it is work in progress. “But with their salaries, all is well. In due course things will be sorted out. “We’re on top of our game. We wouldn’t want a situation where a player would knock on our office door and say their salary wasn’t paid.” He confirmed that David Mathebula, who has been in charge of the club’s technical bench, as well as Mpho Maleka, are working on an interim basis. Dylan Kerr has been appointed by the club as their new head coach, but he is still unable to work as he is awaiting issuing of his work permit, which could be before end of this week. About their immediate success, which saw them move from the foot of the standings to position 14, Matsena said: “There’s a group of people working behind the scenes who ensure that before each game, our plans are ahead and research has been made. You can see with the response from the players. “The players have been good in absorbing the pressure. The vision and mission of the team is great that even the players feel they are at home.” Their ultimate goal, according to TTM management based on where they are coming from, is to retain their PSL status. “Remember we’ve won matches, but we shouldn’t be carried away because it might bring about complacency,” added Matsena. “We’re taking it one game at a time to move away from the relegation zone. Should it happen that we end up within the top eight, it will be a cherry on top. But we are not shying away from it.”