TWO shoppers and two security guards were shot and injured by suspects who robbed a retail store at Gugulethu Mall in Cape Town. The incident happened on Saturday, 6 February at 11.30am. Resident Siniko Mantla said everything happened so fast. “It was like a movie. I ran for my life because I knew innocent people would get injured.” He said he didn’t understand why these criminals shot at the shoppers. “One shopper was 11 years old. Why would they shoot a kid who was just at the mall to buy groceries with her parents?” asked Mantla. Another resident said the suspects were shouting at the shoppers, saying if they didn’t want to die then they must run for their lives. “Those criminals are heartless. Imagine trying to run while holding grocery plastic bags? Some people ran and left their trollies behind as they didn’t want to get killed,” said the resident.  He added that the shot and injured security guards couldn’t do anything. “They didn’t have guns. So what were they going to do with people carrying guns?” asked the resident. Another resident Sibongiseni Kula said the criminals knew exactly where they were going. “They planned what they did. I wish they just took whatever they wanted and did not shoot anyone because the security guards were there to work for their families. The cellphones they stole will be replaced by insurance companies. But what about them?” Kula added. He said criminals needed to think carefully before committing crime. “They got the phones they wanted, and on their way out decided to shoot. For what? I hope they get arrested and pay for what they did.” Colonel André Traut said five armed suspects were being sought by their detectives following a shoot-out that left four people injured at Gugulethu Mall. “The suspects perpetrated a robbery at a retail store and fled with cellphones,” said Traut. He added that while fleeing the scene, they randomly shot at shoppers, injuring a 51-year-old woman and 11-year-old girl. “They then shot and wounded two security guards aged 38 and 48 before managing to get away. The victims were admitted to hospital.” Any person with information regarding the whereabouts of the suspects was kindly requested to contact Crime Stop at 08600 10111.