MUSAWENKOSI Mdhluli is not overawed by the big names at Mamelodi Sundowns! The 21-year-old was promoted from the DStv Diski Challenge squad to Downs’ star-studded first team in December. Now Mdhluli is targeting a place in the first team. However, he is aware of the amount of work that he needs to put in order to compete with the senior player. The Tembisa-born player is also looking at learning from the experienced players and not feel intimidated by them. He could make his professional debut on Wednesday when Downs host Baroka FC in a DStv Premiership match at Loftus Stadium (5pm). “No, I don’t feel intimidated by them but as a young boy, you’re bound to be starstruck in the beginning but once you get used to training and travelling with the players, you realise that they are human too and it feels good to be around them because you get to learn from them and some share with you how they got to the level that they’re at,” Mdhluli said. “So it’s truly a blessing to be around them. Because like they say sometimes, inspiration isn’t far fetched.” The confident Mdhluli is yet to make his debut for the club. But he has been in the match day squad and made it on to the bench on a couple of occasions. The youngster said he has been enjoying life as a first team player and noted the difference between being a development player to being a senior team player. He elaborated: “Life hasn’t been smooth, mainly because of all the new adaptations and being in the new environment, but it has been an interesting journey so far. “I appreciate the opportunity that has been given to me. “The difference between reserve team football and senior team is mainly the tempo, because now you’re surrounded by players who are more talented and have more qualities than you and who are quicker, faster and stronger. So the intensity will change,” he added. “Those are the main differences between the two. What I’m working hard on is to try to get to the level of their tempo and intensity, and to try and understand how the team plays and what’s required of me to be among the best” Mdhluli is not the only youngster who is tipped to be the next big thing for Sundowns. There’s also the likes of Promise Mkhuma and Siphesihle Mkhize, who came from the club’s development ranks.