CONFEDERATION of African Football presidential candidate Patrice Motsepe has allegedly been declining to hold press conferences locally to reveal his campaign plans. According to SunSport sources, SA Football Association president Danny Jordaan has allegedly tried several times to persuade Motsepe to reveal his plans to the local media but the mining magnate has apparently refused, according to our mole. Motsepe will battle it out for Caf presidential election on 12 March in Rabat, Morocco against Augustin Senghor (Senegal), Ahmed Yahya (Mauritania) and Jacques Anouma (Ivory Coast). Unlike Motsepe, the three candidates revealed their plans in their respective countries before moving their campaigns to the rest of the continent. But the Mamelodi Sundowns boss did it differently once he got the backing from the Cosafa region. He embarked on a campaign by visiting almost all 54-member associations. In fact, when Safa confirmed his candidacy in a media briefing last year, Motsepe wasn’t there as the association revealed that he was isolating at home after he tested positive for Covid-19. “People are dismayed with this display of disrespect to the media and African football,” said an insider. “Even Danny Jordaan has been trying to convince him to hold a press conference, but with no luck. Danny Jordaan, at first, said Motsepe wasn’t taking this campaign seriously, but after getting the global media coverage and enhanced exposure, he started to enjoy the limelight,” claimed our insider. Safa head of communications Dominic Chimhavi said there was no need for Motsepe to reveal his manifesto first in Mzansi since this is not a general or municipality election. “The campaign is happening in Cameroon because that’s where all member associations are campaigning at,” said Chimhavi. “This is Caf election, not a Safa election.” Initially, Motsepe’s candidature was thrown in doubt when the Caf Governance Committee only approved those of Senghor and Anouma. They demanded further information on Motsepe’s record. But a few days ago, Motsepe was cleared by the Caf Committee to run for the elections, something that is likely to work against him. “Caf’s Governance Committee only approved it three days ago and that is why we are fighting with them to say why so late,” Chimhavi said. For Caf’s Governance Committee to approve Motsepe’s candidacy this late is puzzling, having been cleared by the Fifa Review Committee to run for the election last month. Motsepe had to face Fifa’s Review Committee because if he wins the elections, he’ll automatically become Fifa vice president. Motsepe is currently in Cameroon where the other candidates are campaigning for votes. Almost all Caf FA presidents are there as Cameroon is staging the African Nations Championship (Chan) tournament.