AWARD-winning group Skwatta Kamp held a memorial service for fellow member Musawenkosi “Nish” Molefe, who died last week. The five members and their manager had a small gathering for Nish on Thursday night, 11 February. The service, broadcast on YouTube and Facebook, saw every member of the group sharing their experiences with him. Manager Peter Lynch and group members Siyabonga “Slikour” Metane, Lebohang “Shugasmakx” Mothibe, Nkosana “Bozza” Nkosi, Sello “Nemza” Mofokeng and Refiloe “Relo” Makhubo took turns sharing their memories on Nish. Short clips from his friends were also shared during the service. Music executive Dr Sipho Sithole as well as rappers Proverb and Amu also paid tribute. Peter shared that he had known Nish for over 20 years as they grew up together in Leondale. ALSO READ: PRESENTER STABBED, HUSBAND SOUGHT! Bozza, who was emotional through his speech, thanked Nish for experiencing life with them. “I just want to take this opportunity to thank you for allowing me and my brothers to spend some quality time with you – all the moments we had together, the victories and painful things that we went through as brothers. Thank you for those moments,” he said. Shugasmakx thanked everyone who had sent messages of condolences, and continued to praise Nish and another late member Nkululeko “Flabba” Habedi. “Nish and Flabba were the two people in the group who had mastered the art and craft of rapping before all of us. They were the ones whose approval we sought, and we looked up to them,” he said. Nemza said he still did not believe that Nish was no longer alive while Relo said they had been praying for him to get better. “I just could not imagine the group losing another member. A part of us is gone. But when I heard that he had died I said to myself: God has plans and we may think that ours are really big. His last words were: ‘I’m a warrior, I’m gonna fight this and when I come out of this, we need to work, get our stuff together and get our things out there.’ I felt as if he knew that he had done all he could in whatever circumstance he was in,” she said. Slikour thanked God for placing the members of Skwatta Kamp in his life. Nish was buried in a private ceremony in Brakpan on Friday morning, 12 February.