A car salesman bought covid positive saliva to infect his boss. Ibrahim Unverdi who is car dealership owner, from Adana in south-east Turkey has filed a criminal complaint against the employee who worked for him for three years alleging that he tried to infect him with the covid virus. Urvendi gave him 215,000 Turkish lira (R445 618,95) after making the sale of a car and asked him to take the money to the office. "He even had the key to my safe, I completely trusted him. Later, I called him multiple times and could not reach him. He answered the next day. He said that he needed the money and stole it because he owed it to a loan shark," said Urvend. The boss also claimed that the former employee had spiked his drink with the saliva of a COVID-19 patient before stealing the money. Luckily, Urvendi didn't consume the spiked drink. Urvendi said. "I learned from my employees that the suspect has bought saliva from a Covid-19 patient for 500 Turkish lira (R1000) and tried to mix it into my drink." Urvendi requested for police permission after the showing threats sent by employee confirming that he had tried to kill him with the coronavirus. He said that one such message read, "I could not kill you with the virus. I will shoot you in the head next time." He added, "This is the first time I have heard of such a bizarre killing technique. Thank God I did not become sick. God is always with the good." The employee has been accused of attempt to murder and threatening behaviour. Urvendi further said, "I would rather he did kill me rather than trying to infect me with the virus. My mother and father have a chronic illness. If he infected me with Covid-19, I could have in turn infected my family and those around me. At least if he shot me in the head, I would be the only one to die. No need to be so evil." He added, "Thank God the prosecutor's office gave me protection, and they are now looking for the employee. I am sure that a precedent decision will come from the lawsuit I filed." 