FIRED Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) coach Joel Masutha says he holds no grudges against Vhadau Vha Damani new owner, Abraham Sello. The former Black Leopards and Chippa United coach was fired just after being in charge of two matches since Sello bought the Venda-based side from Masala Mulaudzi for R50 million a fort night ago. Tshakhuma have been struggling in the DStv Premiership since they went 10 league games without a win. But Masutha was hoping that their 1-0 victory against SuperSport United in the Nedbank Cup last 32 round at Thohoyandou Stadium last Thursday would have convinced Sello to give him more time to help turn the corner. “Coaching is not a permanent job. Coaches are fired all the time,” said Masutha. “When you take a coaching job you know that you will be fired. “I also knew that one day I will be fired. Normally when a club is sold, the new owner comes with his own people. “I have been in the game long enough to understand this situation. I have worked with Sello a week or so. I don’t blame him for firing me. I have no grudge or anything against him. “I don’t know him that much but he seems like a good person who is doing what he thinks is best for his club. I wish him and Tshakhuma all the best.” Masutha also revealed that it was not easy to work at Tshakhuma before Sello took over. “Honestly, I did not fail at Tshakhuma because of the situation I was working under,” he said. “We had a quality team but there were lots of problems in the team. I am a former player myself and you cannot expect players to give their best if they are not happy. I did all I could under difficult circumstances. But that is the past I am no longer working there. “I have already moved on with my life and hope to find a new job soon.” Masutha believes Tshakhuma will do well and move from relegation zone. “There is a new management and the players are now happy,” he explained. “Tshakhuma have good players who have the best interest of the team. With Sello now the new owner, they will finish the season in a good position.” Tshakhuma look set to appoint former Baroka and Leopards coach Dylan Kerr as their new mentor. The Englishman was seen at Tshakhuma’s training ground at Louis Trichardt High School over the weekend.