Chippa United will host top-flight rivals Cape Town City in a Nedbank Cup round of 16 match at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Gqeberha (Port Elizabeth) on Sunday evening. Kick-off is at 6pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). The Chilli Boys head into the clash on the back of successive league draws and having required penalties to beat GladAfrica Championship club Free State Stars in their round of 32 fixture earlier this month. In Dan Malesela, Chippa boast a head coach well acquainted with this tournament having led TS Galaxy to Nedbank Cup glory just two years ago – he is dreaming of doing the same with Chippa. "I'm highly confident because this is a cup that I cherish," said Malesela. "Because in my playing career it was my first trophy that I lifted and my first medal. "So one wants to go all the way and I don't want us to just take part. You also will never hear me make an excuse if results don't go well. You won't hear me saying we're better off just focusing on the league. "We'll push the players to go as far as possible and be that the final or maybe even lifting the cup, that would be great." City thumped Bloemfontein Celtic 4-0 in their round of 32 tie but are winless since that victory over Phunya Sele Sele in the Cup, following defeats away to Orlando Pirates and SuperSport United with a 1-1 draw at home to Swallows FC in the league. "We play the Nedbank Cup to win it, not just to compete and after a few games we are out of it, so that is our main focus right now. We will be very, very motivated," said Citizens head coach Jan Olde Riekerink. There have been nine previous meetings between the sides since City’s formation ahead of the 2016-17 season. The Cape Town club have five wins to Chippa’s two, though the last meeting on 24 October ended in a 1-1 draw, one of two stalemates between the teams. In games at Chippa, City lead the head-to-head 3-1. This will be the first-ever knockout meeting between the sides. Both teams will be hoping to reach the Nedbank Cup final for the first time this season. -SuperSport