CONTEMPORARY fashion designer Rich Mnisi has set tongues wagging once more. The designer, who is best known for his breathtaking fashion items, recently revealed his new Xibelani skirt and the price tag has everyone’s jaws on the floor. The skirt, which is crafted from 100% merino wool knotted onto nickel-plated D-rings then attached to a leather waist belt, according to the designer’s website, is retailing at R60 000. Since then, social media has been ablaze in a debate over the young designer’s price tags. ALSO READ | ENCA PRESENTER HAS PASSED ON Many people defended him for his prices. Julius Thamana said: “If LV can put a R15 000 price tag on a plastic face shield with their logo, then why can’t Rich Mnisi put a R60 000 price tag on Xibelani?” Ongezo Khumalo said Rich Mnisi is right for making his prices high. “Rich Mnisi is right. Y’all can buy those imports with weird designs & textures but you wanna criticise his prices just because he’s an African. Nah, they must know we meet their standards on the other side.” Although many defended the designer’s high prices, some felt they were too steep. Oscar Hamse joked and said: “That Rich Mnisi Xibelani is exclusively made for Sho Madjozi. Ga ke tsebe le stressa keng.” While Junior Moremi said: “Isn’t a Xibelani like R2 500? Then Rich Mnisi wants us to pay R60 000? Aowa banna.” Haibo wenja, Rich Mnisi... The price tag ?? pic.twitter.com/JWJc1xshyZ I know I can't afford Xibelani too but its not a bad Idea for a black owned brand to compete with your LVs Guccis and so forth.Why can't we be up there? Nna um proud of Rich Mnisi and wish him more success ???????? pic.twitter.com/P0Sg3kX02t  If LV can put a R15000 price tag on a plastic face shield with their logo then why can't Rich Mnisi put a R60000 price tag on Xibelani?  Rich Mnisi is selling Xibelani skirt for R59 Tauzen 9 hundred and 99!! ??Lapho a fresh 2nd hand Toyota Avanza cost 57 Tauzen..Imagine me walking around Looking like Sho Madjozi instead of Driving and making money!! ?? pic.twitter.com/uOyp4a7hT3   