Streaming on your mobile device is the simplest and best way to keep up with your favourite series, movies and live sport - but of course, you’re looking to do this in the most cost-effective way possible. Platforms like Showmax have become more innovative with mobile-only offerings that allow you to watch the full catalogue of shows on one mobile device, such as your smartphone. Showmax offers these tips to help subscribers use to save mobile data while watching: 1. Use bandwidth capping to use less data Showmax’s bandwidth capping feature allows you to control how much data is used while streaming and sets limits that will use as little as 100MB. You will find it under Settings. 2. Download on mobile devices and watch offline Showmax gives you the option to download any show or movie on Wi-Fi and watch offline on smartphones or tablets later – no data needed.3. Reduce download quality to save data If you have to use your mobile data to download shows, toggle the download quality settings to save data. The lower the quality you select, the less data you will use.4. Use free Wi-Fi hotspots The best way to save data is to use no data. Stream or download your shows while you’re on your lunch break at work or when you’re in a coffee shop that offers free Wi-Fi.Showmax is accessible on smartphones, smart TVs, laptops and tablets. Pricing starts at R49, available from www.showmax.com. What’s streaming on Showmax Movies, series, documentaries, kids’ shows, live news and entertainment - it’s all available on Showmax. From The Real Housewives of Durban to new Showmax Originals DAM (coming 22 February) and Tali’s Baby Diary (from 26 February), there’s plenty of content you’ll see first on Showmax. Plus, stream your faves like The River and Gomora express from DStv. Subscribe to Showmax Pro or Showmax Pro Mobile to stream live sport, music and news and keep up with the latest soccer action from here and around the world. Pay for one month of Showmax, get two months extraShowmax recently introduced a new 3-for-1 deal. When subscribers pay for one month of Showmax access, they’ll receive an additional two months of access for no cost. That’s three months of Showmax for the price of one. This deal applies to all Showmax subscription plans and runs until 31 March 2021. Showmax subscriptions start from R49. For more information visit www.showmax.com