SEKHUKHUNE United striker Sifiso Mbhele says they have the ability to achieve their goal of gaining automatic promotion to the PSL. The GladAfrica Championship rookies have surpassed all expectations to occupy second spot on the table with 23 points from 14 matches. They are a point behind leaders Richards Bay. “We don’t want to gain promotion through play-offs. We are about to start the second round and it won’t be easy because other teams want to defend their status, other bosses want to sell their players while they remain in the division and there are those that want to fight for promotion via play-offs. But we don’t want to go that route,” he said. The 32-year-old reckons they can follow in the footsteps of Swallows FC, who are now making an impact in the PSL having gained automatic promotion. “We do have quality in the team. Last season Swallows managed with only four experienced players from the PSL to reach their target. We have more, so if we come with excuses we would have failed management, technical staff and the entire community of Sekhukhune.” The former SuperSport United and Highlands Park player has praised management for making their job on the pitch easier by running the team professionally. “I am happy with the way the club is run,” said Mbhele. “They don’t make us feel like we are in the lower division. In fact, we don’t see any difference between us and teams in the PSL. That makes life easier for us and the only pressure we feel is to produce 100% results on the pitch.” Mbhele said having extra training is the reason their scoring record is incredible. The Limpopo side, but based in Kempton Park, have the best scoring record in the league so far, having found the back of net 15 times compared to 10 goals for Natal Rich Boyz. Babina Noko also have the best defensive record, having conceded seven goals while their title rivals defence was breached eight times. “We do extra finishing after training. What makes it exciting is that we have ambitious players who compete on scoring,” revealed Mbhele. However, Mbhele is not happy that their experienced defence is not solid. “At the moment I am disappointed with the way we are conceding. We should have conceded three or four goals, not seven. We have experienced defenders who can read the game well and if the going gets tough we can revert to use four defenders. I think communication is key for us to keep clean sheets,” added Mbhele.