KAIZER Chiefs have suffered a huge blow ahead of their Nedbank Cup last-32 round match against GladAfrica Championship side Richards Bay at FNB Stadium on Sunday (5pm). Amakhosi will play without key defenders Siyabonga Ngezana due to suspension, while Ramahlwe Mphahlele is still nursing a hamstring injury. Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt was hoping Mphahlele will be fit to play, having missed the past three matches nursing his injury. However, Hunt is not pressing any panic button as he will reshuffle his defence to ensure the KwaZulu-Natal side do not breach them. Said Hunt: “Siya is out with suspension and Rama is struggling with a hamstring. I don’t think he will be fit by Sunday. “Ngezana has done well for me. He was close to winning the (DStv Premiership) Player of the Month last month. But we have players who can come in that position.” The outspoken mentor made it clear that he will field his strongest side to ensure they progress further in the competition in a bid to end their six-year trophy drought. “I haven’t watched them (Richards Bay) live, but we will play according to what we have. I can’t give people (fringe) a chance. We need to be clever with selection. If you look a lot of teams play a weakened side (in the Nedbank Cup), we can’t be doing it. “We will try to play our best 11 and take it from there, no freebies that’s for sure.” The fact that Amakhosi didn’t have a midweek fixture as per the norm is worrying Hunt as he did not have a chance to test his makeshift defence. “I would like if we had a game this week. That’s where our problem is. If it works, we will have a full-back that’s good not to have consequences.” Hunt doesn’t want to promise Amakhosi fans that he will end their six year trophy drought by lifting the Ye Kona Cup. “We will try to get past this round, get to the next one and take it from there. In the ’80s we would get a draw, go to the semi-final, play nobody then play Pirates (in the final). It will be tough this year because the ABC Motsepe League teams are not there.”