MPUMALANGA police have strongly condemned the public from engaging in the destruction of infrastructure belonging to Eskom and surrounding mines. This comes after infrastructure worth millions of rands was damaged, leaving scores of nearby residents without electricity. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said the activities were carried out in Nkangala district, Mpumalanga, in the past week. "A mine at the said place has ceased to operate and a process of rehabilitation had begun. The situation was unfortunately viewed by some unscrupulous criminals as an opportunity to steal and destroy the infrastructure thereof and in the process, also damaged an Eskom infrastructure,” he said. “It is said these individuals reportedly engaged in an act of sabotage where they burnt Eskom transformers so they could have easy access at the mine and not be seen. Their actions resulted in parts of the area experiencing power outages for several days.” “Police were notified about the matter and on Friday, 19 February, police went to the site and caught suspects busy stealing copper cables and steel.” According to Hlathi, police then acted swiftly and arrested 114 suspects on various charges. “The charges include trespassing, possession of suspected stolen properties, contravention of the Disaster Management Regulations by failing to confine to their places of residence, as well as contravention of the Illegal Immigration Act. “ “Police also seized 20 vehicles believed to have been used in these illegal activities. The investigation is continuing, and police cannot rule out possibilities of adding more charges to the suspects about the sabotage and the damaged infrastructure,” Hlathi said. He said the suspects have already appeared before court where six were granted bail while the remaining suspects are expected to apply for bail in their next court appearance on Monday, 1 March. Hlathi said the police management condemned the vandalism and said such a situations can't be allowed to continue like that where people go on rampage, damage infrastructure and wreak havoc while stealing items from the mines and Eskom. "Police has since intensified their operations around these affected areas," he said.