New and returning pupils of Akasia Primary School in Tshwane
were greeted by protesting parents on Monday, 15 February. The parents were angry because their kids were not allocated
spaces at the school. They sang and chanted outside the school, threatening to
shut it down if their demands were not met. They alleged that kids from as far as Mabopane got space at
the school while they, as residents, didn’t get spaces. They demanded that the Gauteng Department of Education do
away with the online registration system because they said it wasn’t working. Parent Mami Seanego said she thought it would be a given that
her daughter would be allocated space because she lives two streets away from
the school and her older son is at the school. “It came as a shock that she was not allocated space here. “I
thought this primary school was for residents of Akasia, but only a few lucky residents
got spaces here,” she said. She said every morning minibus taxis drop kids from outside
their area. “It’s not fair. Most of the kids in this school are from
Mabopane and Soshanguve. Where should our children go? I’m unemployed and can’t
afford to have my daughter study in another area,” she said. Another parent, William Ratswana, said teachers and officials
were arrogant. “They force us to take space at schools far from our area.
“They don’t listen to our reasons and prioritise family and friends in good
schools while they want us to send our kids to bad schools,” he said. William said they will protest outside the school until their
kids are admitted. However, another parent, Granny Mpiti accused the protesting
parents of being bullies. “I don’t have a problem with their protest. But they tried to
block us from entering the school and scared my child who is only starting
school this year,” she said. She said the protesting parents accused them of fraud. “They said we were friends of teachers and officials that is
why we got space. They even accused me of being a foreigner. I pray my child is
fine,” she said. School director Sega Hlomane said the school opened last week
and understand that most of the parents are from the rural areas. "We informed parents last year December and we are
agreed on the new developments about fees increase and introduction of tablets.
Online learning will help in the bettering of our learning system. It's not
true that parents are not engaged in the school developments," she said. Hlomane also said most of pupils in the school are less than
20 in a class which means there is no overcrowding.