GAUTENG Health MEC Nomathemba Mokgethi has reassured health
workers in the province that there is going be enough vaccines for all of them. This was after there was huge of health care workers were flooding
to the Steve Biko Academic Hospital on Sunday hoping to get the lifesaving
jabs, with fears that the vaccine shots might run out. Addressing the matter, Mokgethi said: “We want to reassure
our healthcare workers that there is no need panic as none of them will be left
behind. To do so would be catastrophic and will leave the system exposed as
they are in integral part of the healthcare system.” “The implementation study is being rolled out in phases,
which started with the Steve Biko Academic Hospital (SBAH) and the Chris Hani
Baragwanath Academic Hospital (CHBAH) to both private and public frontline
workers. All our facilities in the province will be covered as the vaccine doses
gets delivered to the province.” The Gauteng province has received 16 800 Johnson &
Johnson doses, which are being administered currently at the CHBAH (11 080
doses) in Soweto and SBAH (5 720 doses) in the City of Tshwane. MEC Mokgethi said: “As of Saturday, 20 February 2 134
healthcare workers, which is inclusive of organised labour leadership who are
health professionals, were vaccinated.” “We are encouraged by the commitment shown by the healthcare
workers and organised labour. The demand to get vaccinated has been growing
since this programme started. We will continue engaging other stakeholders as
we all aware that the fight against COVID-19 is far from over and it requires
collective effort.” The 80 000 Johnson & Johnson doses landed last week at the
OR Tambo last week. Though they did not enjoy the same warm welcome as
AtraZeneca 1 Million doses which landed early this month, the J&J vaccines
however made it first to the shoulders of South African front-line workers. MEC Mokgethi further called upon all healthcare workers and
Gauteng residents in general, who are yet to register on the Electronic Vaccine
Data System (EVDS) portal to do so in order to ensure more people are
vaccinated.