MPUMALANGA Cogta expressed shock for the
passing of the Steve Tshwete Executive Mayor Jonathan 'Tsietsi' Tolo on Tuesday 02 February, who succumbed to Covid-19 related complications after being admitted
at Life Midmed Hospital in Middelburg in the province. Tolo died at the age 69 a heroic death because
his death coincided with his birthday today. Cogta MEC Mandla Msibi said Tolo's demise
is a major blow to the local government sector, and he expressed his
condolences to the mayor's family, Steve Tshwete municipality council as well
as the community at large. "We are shattered by his untimely
death. His demise has robbed this sector of good leadership at the time
when we needed him the most. His selfless contributions to community
development, and the determination to serve, set him apart from his peers. He
championed the township economic revitalization programme to improve the
socio-economic status of communities in the Steve Tshwete municipality, "
said Msibi. His tenure as chairperson of the Tolo
Committee, according to Msibi, contributed much to the department's aspiration
of restoring stability within the institution of traditional leadership in
Mpumalanga. "For some time, the institution of
traditional leadership was plagued by disputes. And when a committee to resolve
them was established he made himself available to champion the cause.
Implementing the resolutions of the committee will be one of the many ways by
the department to honour his legacy, " he said. Tolo was a former MEC for local
government, traffic control and traffic safety which was later reconfigured to
co-operative governance and traditional affairs. He also served as chairperson of the
committee on traditional leadership disputes and resolution and later as the
executive mayor for the Steve Tshwete local municipality. Steve Tshwete municipality manager
Advocate Bheki Khenisa said: "We are devastated by his departure as he was
highly active and did his utmost in pursuit of service delivery. His astuteness
and vigilance will be dearly missed. Our thoughts and prayers are with his
family at this time of loss. We profusely thank the family for giving him the
support and space to selfless serve the community within the municipality and
Mzansi. Memorial services, funeral, and protocol arrangements will be announced
further. May his soul rest in peace. "