 THE Zulu royal house family has distanced itself from Amabutho (Zulu regiments) and its commanding general Mgilija Nhleko, who supported former president Jacob Zuma at his home in Nkandla on Saturday, 3 July. Zulu Monarch Prime Minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi said Nhleko and the king’s regiment were not authorised to go to Nkandla and sympathise with Zuma. He said the royal house noted that Nhleko led a group of people dressed in Zulu attire to Nkandla. “Nhleko did this without any instruction from the king, royal family or from me as the traditional prime minister of the Zulu monarch and nation. “Regrettably, this a second act of defiance by Nhleko. King Misuzulu was unwell and could not participate in the cleansing ceremony. “The cleansing ceremony normally takes place with a ritual hunt, which the king also couldn’t attend. It was agreed the hunt would be postponed until the king could attend,” said Buthelezi. However, the hunt proceeded. “I warned Nhleko neither he or his regiment should attend the hunt in the absence of the king and he agreed. “Nevertheless, he proceeded. When some people asked him why he was there when the king wasn’t, he responded that as far as he knows, a king has not yet been appointed,” he said. Buthelezi said King Misuzulu never sent Nhleko to Nkandla. “The king does not want to involve the royal family or himself in what Nhleko did. It was a clear act of defiance,” he said. Nhleko told Daily Sun he didn’t need Zulu royal house authority to defend one of their members. “Yes, I agree no one authorised me to go to Nkandla, but we went there with izinduna (regiments generals) to defend and support Zuma because he is a Amabutho loyal member. “Yes, I was the part of the hunt to cleanse King Zwelithini’s weapons. I will not comment more about royal house matters,” he said. Meanwhile on Saturday, 3 July, KZN ANC chairman, Sihle Zikalala, secretary Mdumiseni Ntuli, Musa Dladla and region chairman, Mduduzi Mhlongo, were locked in the meeting with Zuma at his home in Nkandla to try to resolve issues. Zikalala told Daily Sun that Constitutional Court judgment divided society, especially in KZN. “We visited Zuma to discuss a way forward as the judgment divided society. “The Constitutional Court has agreed to engage and look at his submissions. We believe it will give us time and create a proper platform, where these issues will be discussed properly and finalised,” he said. Zikalala said they didn’t want any confrontation between the people and the state. “We don’t want a situation that will lead to any form of violence,” he said. Meanwhile the amount of Jacob Zuma’s supporters has increased outside his home in Nkandla waiting his address this afternoon. They are sing struggle songs while others are hooting with their cars.