Musician Deekay 411 tackles issues faced by his kasi through his recent EP Shongola. The hip hop and amapiano artist, whose real name is Irvin Skhosana, sings about the daily lives of people in Mshongoville, famously known as Shongola, in Atteridgeville, Tshwane, where he was raised. Deekay was hoping the EP released three weeks ago helps his community. The 29-year-old told SunBuzz: “This is dedicated to Mshongoville because there are a lot of issues faced by the people. It is a squatter camp, which means it’s facing a lot of problems. The EP is aimed at assisting the community with our problems and making people outside the kasi aware of them.” He said two of the biggest problems in the community were gun violence and lack of service delivery. “I’m hoping this project will make people aware of Mshongoville. Maybe then help will come for the community.” The singer’s journey in the industry goes as far back as 2002, when he started out as a dancer. “I was still in primary school then, and I grew as a dancer. In 2008, I became JR’s back-up dancer, while in 2009 and 2010, I won two dance competitions – Pretoria’s Finest and Masters of Rhythm,” he said. But in 2010, Deekay realised that it was not just about the dancing, but music too. “I loved dancing because I loved the sound and rhythm of music. This led me to realising music is what I love. I then started writing music.” He said in the past 10 years, he learnt the most important lesson about the music industry. “Going to the studio and recording songs is the easy part of being a musician. This is because most musicians are skilled and talented. But, we also had to learn about the business side of music. “I took time to learn about it so I could make money from my career. I researched and did what I needed to do. Even though I have a team that deals with that part, as the talent, it’s important to know.” Deekay plans to release music videos for two songs in his EP. “We’ll be shooting the music video for Shongola in a few weeks, and for Intombi Yase Goli soon after that. In the meantime, people can find the EP on all digital platforms,” he said.