SOUTH African Under-23 Olympic team coach David Notoane has singled out the lack of friendly matches as a major concern in their preparations for the Games which gets underway this month in Tokyo, Japan. The team is currently in the bio-bubble camp in Mpumalanga, but are yet to play a friendly since they gathered in camp early last week. Since qualifying for the Games in December 2019, there has been little action for Notoane’s charges, mainly due to cancellations forced by the Covid-19 pandemic, including the friendly that was planned against Saudi Arabia before landing in Tokyo. That worries Notoane ahead of the tournament, scheduled from 23 July 23 until 8 August. “It was a good decision to move camp to Mpumalanga. Everything is okay. Most of the players are back after the Covid-19 situation that we faced. We arrived here a bit disjointed but now we are doing well,” Notoane told SunSport yesterday. He stressed: “We have been working hard at training, but I believe we needed opponents to test ourselves, give us a clear picture to assess what we have been doing at training during the past week. “We are living in fear of Covid. We have few days remaining before leaving but we cannot just play any team and risk getting Covid. “But on Wednesday we will get a friendly match against TS Sporting who have been tested for Covid at the same time as we were. “That is the only option we have for now. “We feel comfortable to play them, rather than playing other local teams that will put us at risk.” Notoane named his squad on Saturday minus Percy Tau, Gift Links, Thibang Phete, Siphephelo Sithole, Thapelo Morena and Siyabonga Dube, who are among the overage and under-23 players who were declared unavailable for the tournament, which does not feature on a Fifa date. Therefore clubs are not obliged to release those players. Abbubaker Mobara (27) and goalkeeper Ronwen Williams (29) are the only overaged players that were selected. South Africa will kick off the tournament against hosts Japan on 21 July. SA will then meet France (July 25) and then Mexico (July 28) in Group A.