BAFANA Bafana striker Victor Letsoalo has lit up the COSAFA Cup. The 28-year-old scored a stunning hat trick on debut to help Bafana thump Lesotho 4-0 in their penultimate Group A match played at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium yesterday. The result saw Bafana secure their passage to the knockout stages of the competition with a game to spare. They are yet to taste defeat in their three matches so far and have managed to keep a clean sheet in all their games. The arrival of reinforcements in the form of Letsoalo, Lebohang Maboe, Vusi Sibiya and Ayabulela Konqobe seem to have sparked life into what was a depleted Bafana side. Letsoalo in particular, made an instant impact as he helped himself to three goals against Likueana, one more than the entire team had managed before his arrival. The Bloemfontein Celtic striker also made history by becoming the first Bafana player to score a hat trick at the COSAFA Cup. His three goals also helped Letsoalo join an exclusive list of six players with the most goals in the competition’s history for Bafana Bafana. The likes of Pollen Ndlanya, Patrick Mayo, Katlego Mphela, Teko Modise, Gift Motupa and Lebohang Maboe are also part of that list with three goals each. Bafana have not found a regular scorer in the COSAFA Cup, mainly due to the fact that they change their squad so often for the competition. But Letsoalo as well as Maboe, who is also in the current team, have a chance to go on their own as the country’s top scorers in the Cosafa Cup. Letsoalo was delighted with his contribution on his debut. “I’m very pleased,” he told SuperSport TV. “It was a good performance from the team. Everything went as I had prayed for it to go. “I was nervous because I just got the call up from nowhere but the welcome was so nice, that’s why the game went as well as it went. My teammates fed me well.” Bafana are back in action this afternoon (3pm) as they conclude their group with a meeting against the defending champions Zambia at the same venue. Likuena on the other hand, are all but eliminated after their third defeat in four matches.