KAIZER Chiefs combative midfielder Willard Katsande wants to leave a legacy by winning the Caf Champions League trophy for the Amakhosi. This is because this coming season might be Katsande’s last with Chiefs, who have offered him a one-year deal that will expire at the end of this coming season. If Chiefs wants to confront and have a big chance to shock the continent by winning the Champions League against Pitso Mosimane’s Al Ahly, then Katsande will have to play a crucial role in breaking Ahly’s attack. In fact, Katsande will have a confrontation with Ahly’s Malian hard working and touch-tackling midfielder Aliou Dieng at Mohamed V Stadium in Morocco this coming Saturday. But Katsande is not fazed by Ahly’s threat, who are defending champions of the Champions League, as he wants to be part of the history-making by ensuring that Chiefs join Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns to have a star on top of their badge. “You know as a youngster, you dream to these things to play in African club football,” said Katsande. “For a boy from Mutoko in Zim, being in the Champions League final with Kaizer Chiefs‚ one of the biggest teams in Africa and a team with a rich history‚ we know it’s history on its own. “I just want to make it better by putting a star (above the badge), whereby in my career I will look back and say‚ ‘I’ve managed to do a lot when it comes to club football. “As you can see, I have been at the club for more than a decade, it means a lot. And I just need to put a cherry on the top of it where I can see how far I’ve gone and contributed towards this biggest badge.” Considering the difficulty season Chiefs endured domestically, they are ranked as an outsider in the final, as reaching even the group stages of this season’s Champions League was a history-making. But they showed heart and grit to get to this stage, beating Wydad Athletic Club in the semi-final by 1-0 aggregate after winning the first leg in Morocco at the same very of the final. Coming to the second leg, Chiefs soaked up the pressure and Wydad, who won this competition in 2017, tried in vain to break Chiefs’ resistance.Another such performance will be required, but they will have to be cautious as they face a very dangerous Ahly side, who don’t need many chances to score, unlike Wydad. “It means a lot to be where we are especially coming from a difficult season we had,” said Katsande. “We wanted to redeem ourselves and we know how much the club wanted because we have been trying every time but we failed. But I think it was lessons.”