Hospitals, community health centres and clinics across KZN have been operating on skeleton staff. This is because many nurses, doctors, allied health workers and support staff have been unable to report for work due to blockades, as well as a lack of public transport. Many working during the night shift on the night of Sunday, 11 July, also could not go home. Patients due to undergo elective surgery and those with minor ailments have been advised not to come to hospitals, until the situation returns to normal. Health MEC Nomagugu Simelane has called for the protection of healthcare workers after healthcare facilities across the province buckled under pressure due to widespread protests from people calling for the release of former president Jacob Zuma. The protests have also put a stop to the province’s Covid-19 vaccination programme. In Howick, an ambulance was burnt on the night of Monday, 12 July, while another was attacked with rocks in Mariannhill. In some parts, vehicles were barred from delivering much-needed oxygen to patients battling Covid-19 and other ailments. There have also been reports of delays with the collection of bodies as forensic pathology services battled to reach scenes were people died. They are also unable to collect bodies from clinics which don’t have mortuaries. The unrest has also affected the functioning of the department’s key 24-hour Provincial Health Operations Centre. Simelane said: “We’re pleading with each and every individual to create a situation where healthcare workers are not impeded from getting to work.” She said protesters needed to realise that by blocking health workers or ambulances from doing their job, they could be placing their own relatives’s lives at risk. “Scores of people in our hospitals are fighting for their lives, who need to be attended to by our doctors and nurses as a matter of urgency.” She said some were in critical condition in ICU, while others were in labour and needed to go into theatre. “We really cannot afford a situation where lives are lost just because our healthcare workers cannot get to work,” said the MEC.