A church
lobby group is threatening to start mobilising congregants in public spaces if
the government does not allow churches to reopen. The group
Pastors Against Church Closure has accused the government of criminalising
worship and appealed for an urgent revision of the lockdown regulations. "We
disagree with the government regarding the closure of churches. It's irrational
and unconstitutional. Buses are operating at full capacity, and we argue
churches are far safer," Apostle Siniko Nxesi said. Nxesi said
there was no scientific evidence that churches were
"super-spreaders". "Churches
are compliant with the regulations. We feel they have criminalised worship. If
we open our churches, our congregants would be arrested. If they don't open up
our churches, we will take it into public spaces," Nxesi said. Nxesi said
they were planning a mass gathering at the Cape Town International Airport. "We
are planning to go to open spaces and hold worship there. We are instructing
all our preachers to hold mass gatherings wherever they are. Because we are
protesting against this," he said. At the end
of June, President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the country's move to adjusted
lockdown Level 4 for 14 days. All gatherings - political, social or religious -
have been prohibited. The newly
imposed regulations are aimed at curbing the spread of the coronavirus. South
African Council of Churches general secretary Bishop Malusi Mpumlwana said
churches have a role to play during the third wave of the pandemic and has
urged them to be responsible. "There
must also be a reaffirmed adjustment to all faith practices by all faith-based
organisations, which we have had to endure in the fight against the
pandemic." Pastor
Moafrika Wa Maila, national convenor of Pastors Against Church Closure, said
all churches were following all measures to keep congregants safe. "The
reason why stats have increased is because of political and social gatherings.
It has nothing to do with churches," he added. SOURCE:
NEWS24 