ACTRESS and producer Ayanda Borotho has taken to social media to thank everyone who worked on 1Magic’s new series, Nqobile. It premiered on Saturday, 3 July, at 7.30pm. And just before its debut, Ayanda shared a lengthy message on Instagram, thanking those who were part of the series. It stars Nqobile Nunu Khumalo as the lead alongside Kagiso Modupe, Magic Hlatshwayo, Lillian Dube, Abdul Khoza and Lele Ledwaba. Nqobile is about a makoti who rises above abuse, takes over her husband’s empire and declares war unto him. Ayanda, who is making her debut as a producer, said the project was challenging. She produced the series with Nobuntu Webster and award-winning director Adze Ugah. ALSO READ : MZILIKAZI WA AFRIKA DROPS NEW MUSIC “I’m a little out of words. We’ve been working so hard behind the scenes to bring you what has been one of the most challenging projects we’ve ever undertaken as @avadmedia_za, with my partners, friends and the disruptive tribe @nobuntusa @adzeugah,” she wrote. She said that Nqobile came about when she wasn’t ready, but she took the opportunity. “Doing this projects has challenged me both professionally and personally. It came at a time when I was meant to be away, resting for at least six months after Isibaya – a promise I had made to myself. I just wanted to rest and spend time with my family,” she wrote. “But God came knocking and instructed us to do this. I was tired. I thought it was too early to get back into the grind, but I also know that God is never too early or late. So I find myself here again, this time having transitioned from acting to executive producing,” she said. The producer also thanked all actors, their families and God. “Thank you for bringing this story to life in every way we dreamt of. Most of all, for believing in it being worthy of being told. To our families and friends who were on their knees praying because that was the only way they could support us, God heard you. To Mvelinqangi, Ongunaphakade be all the glory. God gave us gifts to benefit mankind. Using our gifts has been our gift back to God,” she wrote. Nqobile will also play on the show, with the first episode airing on Monday, 5 July, at 8pm.  A post shared by Ayanda "MaNgubane" Borotho (@ayandaborotho) 