THE Zulu royal family has distanced itself from Amabutho and its commanding general Mgilija Nhleko, who supported former president Jacob Zuma at his home in Nkandla on Saturday, 3 July. Amazulu Prime Minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi said Nhleko and the king’s regiment were not authorised to go to Nkandla. “Nhleko did this without any instruction from the king, royal family or me. “This is a second act of defiance by Nhleko. King Misuzulu KaZwelithini was recently unwell and could not participate in the cleansing ceremony. It normally takes place with a ritual hunt, which the king also couldn’t attend. It was agreed the hunt would be postponed,” said Buthelezi. However, the hunt proceeded. “I warned Nhleko not to attend in the absence of the king, and he agreed. Nevertheless, he proceeded. When asked why he was there, he responded that a king had not yet been appointed.” Buthelezi said King Misuzulu never sent Nhleko to Nkandla. “The king does not want to involve the royal family or himself in what Nhleko did. It was a clear act of defiance.” Nhleko told Daily Sun he didn’t need the royal house ‘s authority to defend Zuma. “No one authorised me to go to Nkandla. But we went there with izinduna to defend and support Zuma because he is a loyal Amabutho member. “Yes, I was part of the hunt to cleanse King Zwelithini’s weapons. I will not comment more about royal house matters.” Princess Thembi Zulu-Ndlovu told Daily Sun Nhleko did nothing wrong by supporting Zuma. “We can’t stop him from supporting Zuma in his personal capacity. He has the right to do so.” She said Buthelezi was bitter as Nhleko respected them when he was instructed to lead Amabutho during the royal hunt. “We have the right to perform royal house duties, not Buthelezi. The royal house doesn’t have a king yet.” Meanwhile, KZN ANC chairman Sihle Zikalala, secretary Mdumiseni Ntuli, Musa Dladla and region chairman Mduduzi Mhlongo were locked in a meeting with Zuma in Nkandla on Saturday, trying to resolve issues. Zikalala told Daily Sun the Constitutional Court judgment divided society, especially in KZN. “The court has agreed to look at his submissions. We believe it will give us time and create a proper platform, where these issues will be discussed properly and finalised.” Zikalala said they didn’t want any confrontation between the people and state.