ZULU King Misuzulu kaZwelithini has told his nation to stop burning the country. Speaking at the old Ulundi legislature on Wednesday, 14 July, he warned Zulus not to be used in political wars and ordered them to stop participating in the chaos. He said chaos and looting painted a picture of a people who have lost their identity. “It has brought shame upon us as fingers are pointed at my father’s people. I never thought after the tragic passing of my parents, I would see our own people complicit in burning down the country,” he said. “I fully understand the desperation born of poverty and unemployment, which lures people, especial our youth, to join this chaos but I must appeal to everyone to step back and consider the damage being done through our own actions.” The king said the looters’ families would suffer the consequences. “My father’s people are committing suicide. One can’t see it as anything else,” he said. Meanwhile in Inanda, residents were struggling to find a loaf of bread. The owners of spazas can’t go out to buy stock while cars are parked in the road as they have run out of petrol. All the garages in KwaMashu were destroyed and residents flocked to Inanda Shell after hearing it still had petrol. Mzwandile Cele (30) from J section, who had been waiting in the queue to fill up for hours, said: “Now we’re suffering. We destroyed ourselves.” Motorist Sma Ntuli (33) said she walked to the petrol station from M section to get petrol in a container. “I’m very angry. I didn’t loot anything but now I’m suffering,” she said. In Durban, the BP garage on Che Guevara Road had a long line of cars waiting. Bhekinkosi Zondi from Hillcrest said: “My house is 30 minutes from here. All the garages in my neighbourhood are closed.” South African Petroleum Refineries contracts and procurement manager Pensilla Billat said the refinery in KZN had to be closed down as there was no way to get hold of critical materials and no one knew how long the unrest would last. However, acts of vandalism continues in various parts of Durban. On Wednesday, 14 July, Value Logistics, a warehouse company, was looted. An employee said the looting actually started on Monday, but got worse yesterday. “People were seen loading appliances they took from our workplace into their cars,” he said. He said looters burnt four of the company’s trucks and the fire spread to sections of the warehouse. He said the company employed 4 000 people and they didn’t know if they would still have jobs.