SPACE is scarce in Plastic View squatter camp, Tshwane. There is no space between the shacks and roads are just passages where only small cars can fit. In the early hours of Sunday morning, 18 July, a big fire destroyed shacks in kasi. More than 400 shacks were destroyed, leading to the deaths of three people and leaving hundreds homeless. To make sure they don’t lose their piece of land, some families slept outside in the cold. This was despite the nearby church and creche offering accommodation. Yesterday morning, a day after the fire, rebuilding had already begun in the squatter camp. With donations and whatever they could salvage from the fire, residents were again erecting their plastic shacks. Resident Tinotenda Masvori (30) said there was no time for one to feel sorry for themselves. “If you waste time and don’t build now, people will take up your space and you’ll be homeless. “This place is not for sissies. You fall and immediately get up,” he told Daily Sun. He said although he lost everything in the fire, he was grateful to be alive. “My neighbour died. It could have been me had I not been up listening to the radio. “It could have been more people had we not gone around kicking people’s doors. “God has spared me and I’m very grateful. One can always start over,” he said. Resident Tofara Phiri (26) said community leaders should save some land for those who are in hospitals. “Twenty five people were admitted to hospitals. There are greedy people who want bigger pieces of land. Leaders must make sure that all those who are in hospital come back to find they still have a place in Plastic View,” he said. He said the fire could have been avoided. “I’ve lost shacks twice now because of fire. If only we were allowed to build houses. We could save lots of lives, but there are homeowners associations that break down any brick structures they see here.” Tshwane Mayor Randall Williams said the city moved swiftly to support families affected by the Plastic View fire. He thanked Tshwane residents who provided donations in the spirit of Mandela Day. “Our officials and MMCs have reached out to the victims. Throughout Sunday we had three MMCs assisting. Our emergency services also worked hard to extinguish the fire,” he said. Williams said they would provide hygiene packs, mattresses and food parcels to the victims.