SHE was admitted to Vryheid Hospital in KZN after she complained of a pain in the leg. But on 9 June, her family was told she had died. Her body was then taken to a private mortuary. However, Sphiwe Mthethwa’s family got the shock of their lives when they went to prepare her body for burial. They found a catheter, feeding tubes, drips and needles still attached to her body. And although they removed these items, the family from Dumbe in KZN feels that their child was treated like a dog. Sphiwe’s mum, Busi (58), told Daily Sun that they were sent from pillar to post, with no one taking responsibility. She said they even had to delay the 37-year-old’s funeral as they were trying to get answers from the hospital. “I was hurt. It was like they were wrapping a dog. She was not treated like a human being,” said Busi.  On the day Sphiwe was taken to hospital, her younger sister Nokuthula (33) said she had complained about pain in the leg. She was taken to a local clinic in Dumbe, where she was referred to the hospital. “I was with her in the ambulance and when she was admitted. My two brothers were also there,” said Nokuthula. She said they waited on the hospital benches while doctors were attending to Sphiwe. But a few hours later, they were told she had died. Nokuthula said the death certificate indicated that Sphiwe had died of natural causes. Sphiwe was recently buried, but the family said this was not the end of it and they were adamant that the hospital must pay for what it did to their child. They said their lawyers were taking the matter further. The family also contacted the People’s Paper, which set things in motion with the hospital. Vryheid Hospital CEO Fikile Ngema contacted the family to resolve the matter. On the other hand, KZN Health spokesman Sibongiseni Mkhize said the department was waiting for an explanation from the hospital. Dumbe Funeral Services said it had received the body after it was brought to them by forensics. But they were not allowed to open it.