The Ticketpro Dome has been sold by the owners, Sasol
Pension Fund, to a third party that does not operate in the event space. The ban on public gatherings, in response to the Covid-19
pandemic, has meant that during 2020 and now 2021, the Ticketpro Dome has been
unable to operate. Carol Weaving, MD of RX Africa, says: "The selling of
the Ticketpro Dome is extremely disappointing and heartbreaking for our
industry. The Ticketpro Dome has been home to many international concerts and
events in South Africa, and this will undoubtedly leave a huge void.
Unfortunately, as we are only the managing company, we were unable to change
the outcome of Sasol Pension Fund selling the venue due to force majeure." "The Ticketpro Dome solidified global recognition with
companies and promoters throughout several industries and will be remembered as
an iconic venue across the events, exhibitions, and entertainment
sectors," said a statement released by RX Venue Management. The Dome opened on 8 April 1998 with a concert by Diana Ross
attended by over 15 000 people with a special guest appearance by the late
former President Nelson Mandela. Over the years, the venue has played host to
top international music artists such as Pink, Katy Perry, Lionel Richie, Lauren
Hill, Pharrell Williams, Celine Dion and Michael Buble. On the local front, artists such as Prime Circle, The
Parlotones, Lira, Tonya De Lazy, Black Coffee, and Soweto Gospel Choir has
graced the stage. South African rapper Cassper Nyovest become the first local
artist to sell out the Dome. Even before the event, some 20 000 tickets were
sold suitably billed "Fill Up The Dome." On the exhibition front, the Dome has been home to many
consumer and trade shows such as Homemakers Fair, Rage, Mama Magic Baby Show,
Fire and Feast Food Festival, Mediatech Africa and Africa Automation Technology
Fair. In 2017, the NBA Africa Games were held at the Dome and WWE
International and Disney on Ice has also been staged there. In 2020, the Ticketpro Dome launched the successful Hybrid
Studio in response to the global pandemic. Our sector has been extraordinarily innovative in
transforming our offerings to accommodate online participation, but a hybrid
event incurs two sets of costs, one for the online component and one for the
in-venue aspect. Attendance capacity restrictions make in-person events
unviable, and online does not carry the same appeal. Projeni Pather, Chairperson of the Association of African
Exhibition Organisers.  THE ECONOMIC IMPACT OF EVENTS The South African Events Council (SAEC) has been lobbying
the government since its inception in 2020 to let the live events industry
operate within Covid-19 safety regulations. If shopping centres can operate, so
too should event and exhibition venues. SAEC wants- government to allow venues
to operate at 50% capacity so that the industry can start rebuilding. The Ticketpro Dome is the latest causality of not being able
to operate, and the consequences of its closure will have a ripple effect on
the South African economy. "It is too late for the Ticketpro Dome but may
its final curtain call be a sober reminder that there needs to be drastic
rethinking on how the South Africa government views our industry", says a
statement released by RX Africa. The official handover of the venue will be on 7 September
2021