CONFEDERATION of African Football (Caf) president Patrice Motsepe said the African Super League (ASL) will not be like the failed European tournament, where only the wealthy and most successful clubs are guaranteed to feature. He said all member associations will be included, and no one will be left out. The idea comes on the back of the much criticised European Super League (ESL), which would have involved 12 clubs who had agreed to join a new ESL in April this year. But it was heavily criticised by Fifa, Caf, Uefa and the fans. While clubs suffered a lot of criticism, all six English Premier League (EPL) teams that would have been part of the ESL – Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Tottenham – immediately pulled out. They were joined by Italian giants – AC Milan, Juventus, Inter Milan and La Liga champions Atletico Madrid. Only Spain’s Barcelona and Real Madrid refused to withdraw from the proposed ESL. However, in Africa, it won’t be inclusive for only the rich clubs to participate, but every 54 member association will be represented, according to Motsepe following his meeting with his executive committee last week. “We discussed the African Super League, and many broadcasting companies expressed that they want to be a part of it,” said Motsepe. “The Inter-club Committee is assessing the situation and will advice on an inclusive way so that every country in Africa benefits from this project. “The benefits of the African Super League will be shared all over the continent’s 54 countries. “We cannot do anything that excludes our people. Football is for everyone and we have an obligation to keep it available for the poor. This new Caf Super League is inclusive. “The Inter-club committee will formulate the criteria, rules and details to make it successful. What I can confirm is that every country will be included. “It is grassroots driven and every country will be part of it.” Motsepe, appointed in March, also gave his support to the idea of organising the Fifa men and women’s World Cup every two years. The former Mamelodi Sundowns boss said this will bring more revenue to an already shrinking economy to African nations. “The executive committee gave its support to the project of a men and women’s World Cup every two years, which was formulated during the last Fifa Congress,” said Motsepe.