ORLANDO Pirates are believed to be closing in on the signing of Golden Arrows tough-as-teak defender Nkosinathi Sibisi. Sibisi was outstanding for Abafana Bes’Thende last season, featuring in 28 games in all competitions, helping the Durban-based side finish fourth which was their highest finish in the DStv Premiership. Sibisi also captained the youthful side at times last season. Sibisi proved to be a good leader helping Arrows take four points of Bucs in two league matches last season where they failed to score against Arrows. Sibisi’s move to Bucs will come as no surprise as these two clubs have developed strong ties and have traded players in past seasons. Arrows have sold the late Bheka Phakathi, Siyabonga Sangweni, Njabulo Manqana and Kuda Mahachi to Pirates just to name a few. Last season Pirates loaned out Mthokozisi Dube and Gladwin Shitolo to Arrows, which was Shitolo’s third loan stint at the club. Also, coach Mandla Ncikazi, who helped Arrows to their record breaking season last term, resigned last month and has since been added to the Pirates’ technical team. If the move is completed, Sibisi will become the fifth signing for Pirates since the transfer window was opened last week. They have signed Kwanda Mngonyama, Bandile Shandu - both from Maritzburg United, Goodman Mosele from Baroka FC and Monnapule Saleng from Free State Stars. Pirates are looking to strength their defence after the club was not convincing at the back despite the signing of highly rated defender Thulani Hlatshwayo from Bidvest Wits at the beginning of last season. However, Hlatshwayo committed some bad mistakes leading to a number of goals. Bucs skipper Happy Jele was in and out of the side due to team selection and injuries. He didn’t start the season well and watched from the stands. His future is up for discussion as his contract expired last month. However, Pirates are set to renew their long-serving defender’s contract by offering him a new one-year deal. Pirates are looking at Sibisi (25) as someone who will finally take over the baton once the Jele retires. 