ABSALOM has died. He died on Friday (16/07) at Dr George Mukhari Hospital in Garankuwa north of Tshwane. According to the family Absalom Hlabangwane (43) from Ramogodi section of Mmakau Village in North West was shot on 23 April 2021 at a local tavern in Ramagodi at night when he was drinking alcohol. The family said he was shot in the stomach and right leg. Daily Sun published the story headlined: “Love of beer got me shot” on 30 June 2021. The deceased’s cousin Kate Hlabangwane (31) told Daily Sun that her cousin went for a check-up at the hospital on 16 July and was admitted to the hospital that day, but they received the sad news at night that Absalom has died. Kate said: “My cousin was always complaining about pains ever since he was shot by thugs. He was struggling to sleep and to eat.” Kate also said she was too close to her cousin and they shared everything in life as he loved jokes. “He always gave me hope that he will be fine. I’m struggling to cope after receiving the sad news. We want the suspects to be arrested and to rot in jail because they have killed my cousin,” said Kate. Absalom’s sister Kaiki Hlabangwane (38) said the family is shocked as they mourn the death of Absalom who died. “We were very close, I can’t take away his memory in my mind. Even if my brother has died, we want justice for him,” said Kaiki. She also said that they need to know how it all start as he is the only person who was shot at the tavern. The family said they need closure and the thugs who shot Absalom to be removed from the community. Kaiki said that she only went to clean her brother’s blood in the tavern, and no one has explained anything to her about what happened during the time of the shooting. Grandfather Vimba Hlabangwane (65) said: “This is bad, I have been taking my grandson for check-ups in the hospital every Friday. We are very saddened about his death.” The family is appealing for grocery, transport and other funeral items. He will be buried on Saturday at Mmakau Cemetery in Mmakau in the morning.