BAFANA Bafana will take some beating in the COSAFA Cup, it seems. They concluded their group with a goalless draw against Zambia at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium yesterday. They fielded a much-changed team against Chipolopolo as they gave the regular starters a deserved rest. Morena Ramoreboli’s charges came into the clash under no pressure having booked their spot in the semi-finals of the competition just the day before. They thumped Lesotho 4-0 merely 24 hours before their clash with Chipolopolo to ensure passage to the knockout stages. As a result, Ramoreboli could afford to make wholesale changes to his starting eleven. He only retained three players from the team that started against Likuena the day before. Nevertheless, they were still too hard for Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic’s Zambia to beat. The defending champions have been rather disappointing in this edition of the competition. They have only managed to win one of their four matches in the group, losing two and registering one draw. They will relinquish their title after failing to reach the knockout stages. Eswatini, who finished second in Group A, will join Bafana in the semi-finals where they will face Group B winners Senegal. Bafana will tackle Group B runners up Mozambique who pipped Namibia to a spot in the semi-finals on the head-to-head regulations. The first semi-final between Bafana and Mozambique will kick off at 2pm tomorrow while Senegal and Eswatini’s clash kicks off at 5pm. Both matches will take place at the same venue. Ramoreboli, who has had a successful spell in charge of the senior national team, will be hoping his side go all the way to win the competition. “We have done very well,” Ramoreboli told SuperSport TV. ‘The players we had have allowed us to play some good football. I could not ask more from them.” Sredojevic, on the other hand, bemoaned the schedule as well as the timing of the competition. “All I have to say is that this competition has come at an unfortunate time, the offseason,” said Sredojevic. “But my players have served the nation with pride. They played many games in a short period of time.”