Miss South Africa Shudufhadzo Musida graduated from Wits University where she was conferred a BA honours in International Relations. Shudu also has Bachelor of Social Science degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from the University of Pretoria. The graduation ceremony was held virtually due to the Covid-19 pandemic. However, Musida was a guest of the Wits Vice Chancellor, Professor Zeblon Vilakazi. But the Limpopo-born beauty queen was met with a lot of criticism on social media, with people claiming she was the only one afforded an opportunity to graduate on campus while other students graduated virtually. Many felt it was unfair to other students that qualified to graduate. “We all worked hard and are equally deserving of graduating. This is the biggest middle finger to all graduates for conquering the edge,” Thakani commented. While Bebe said: “Her speech is truly inspirational but she could have done it virtually. Look how everything Wits graduate is celebrating their achievements, not many can relate while they worked hard. Some even got the highest honour but because they are not Miss SA, they won’t be recognised like her.” ALSO READ | MISS SA SHUDU GRADUATES Selebogo also commented and said: “This should’ve been done virtually, and she should’ve declined this so called ‘interview’. It is so sad that she is seen as more of a graduate than others! Shame on y’all man! Some of us lost our parents etc n this was a victory in our turmoil.” Mpho Moalamedi said Shudu’s graduation smells of classism. “People are upset about this and rightfully so. All graduates put in the work and didnt even get their names read out during the virtual graduation ceremony, but she gets a special graduation. Yes, she is Miss SA, but she is a student like the rest of us. This smells of classism,” she said. Speaking about her victory, Shudu told Daily Sun: “Growing up in Ha-Masia, deep in the heart of Vhembe District in Limpopo, my koko always stressed that education was a fundamental stepping stone to success. How proud she would have been of me. Her little Abi (I was known as Abigail as a child), who has earned this university degree.”  ??????WATCH: "Dreams are valid, I never thought I'd be sitting here today...to every single graduate, to every single student who feels like this is really tough, you are going to make it through, you are going to succeed, you are going to graduate," Miss SA, Shudufhadzo Musida. pic.twitter.com/VQwajUcsmt 