Police have arrested 219 people
across Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal amid the violent unrest that has claimed the
lives of at least six people. Police said 123 people were
arrested in KwaZulu-Natal and 96 in Gauteng, as of 08:30 on Monday. Gauteng police said they were
investigating the circumstances around the deaths of four people since violent
unrest broke out in the province over the weekend. "On Sunday morning, the
police responded to a call from Alexandra Clinic, where they found a body with
gunshot wounds. Later that day, the body of a security guard with assault
wounds was found at Jeppestown. The third body was discovered also on Sunday,
in the evening, in Dobsonville, while the fourth body was discovered with
gunshot wounds in Germiston," the National Joint Operational and
Intelligence Structure (NatJoints) said in a statement. It said investigations had been
launched into the cause of death of the security guard and the person found
dead in Dobsonville. Police said there were two
reported deaths in KwaZulu-Natal. "In KwaZulu-Natal, there is a
report of two people who have been killed – one in Inanda and the second one in
Umbilo. The circumstances leading up to their deaths are under
investigation." Violent unrest broke out on
Friday, incited by calls to free former president Jacob Zuma from prison, but
has since descended into mass violence and looting. "The NatJoints has
intensified deployments in all the areas in Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal affected
by the violent protests, as the damage to property and looting of stores
continued overnight. The NatJoints is receiving intelligence support from its
Intelligence Coordinating Committee comprising SAPS Crime Intelligence, Defence
Intelligence, as well as State Security Intelligence to enable law enforcement
to counter these sporadic violent protests," a statement read. An assessment of the extent of the
damage to property and businesses will be done at a later stage, police said. On Sunday evening, President Cyril
Ramaphosa condemned the violence and condemned "ethnic mobilisation". SOURCE: NEWS24 