VHEMBE district football fans are keeping their fingers crossed the Premier Soccer League approves the sale of Cape Umoya United to ABC Motsepe outfit Venda Football Academy (VFA). VFA owner and businessman, Robinson Ramaite has bought the GladAfrica Championship side Umoya from Roger de Sa, who was co-owner with the Rawat Petroleum Consortium and all that is left is for the PSL to approve the deal, according to a SunSport source. “Everything has gone well between De Sa and Ramaite and now it’s up to PSL, who are busy looking at the deal as the sale of the team has to go through them (PSL),” said the source. “This is good news for the Venda people as they love football. Remember last season people here were hugely disappointed when Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila was sold. But now they will have three teams fighting for promotion next season. I don’t see the PSL disapproving the deal. It’s just a matter of days for this deal to be officially announced.” Added the source: “Ramaite has been trying to buy a Championship status for years. He (Ramaite) loves football and he is a professional guy and his club in the ABC Motsepe was managed like a PSL team. I see success for this club in the Championship next season.” SunSport contacted VFS managing director, Itani Munzhelele who has been running the team in the Motsepe League about the Umoya deal. “People talk a lot,” said Munzhelele. “All I can say to you is let’s wait for two to three days, hopefully, we will have something to say. But now we have nothing to say.” De Sa, the former Orlando Pirates coach and Rawat Petroleum owned Umoya for two seasons. De Sa bought defunct Platinum Stars in 2018 for R25 million and renamed it Umoya and relocated the club to Cape Town. But after failing in their bid to gain promotion to the top flight twice, De Sa decided to sell the club. If the deal goes through, Limpopo province will have six teams in the PSL. Limpopo have Baroka FC, Marumo Gallants and Sekhukhune United in the DStv Premiership, while in the Championship they will be represented by Polokwane City, Black Leopards and VFA.