IN an attempt to make their sex lives more interesting, women have found a way to sweeten their honey pots. But they have not turned to sex toys for this. They are instead piercing their punani, a growing trend in the Vaal, south of Joburg. And the man they turn to is Kagiso Kgaole (27), a tattoo artist and piercer who operates in Bedworth Park, Vereeniging. Kagiso told Daily Sun it has always been his dream to do tattoos.“I was good at art from a very young age. After high school, I asked for financial assistance from my family to help me buy professional equipment.” He said he started tattooing and piercing in 2010. The punani is pierced in the clitoris, a very sensitive part of a woman’s body. He introduced clitoris piercing in 2019 because of the demand and women flocked to his studio.“I get a lot of bookings for that piercing. It is now a growing trend for women to enhance their sex lives.” Kagiso said he charged R350 for the punani piercing and does about 10 to 20 piercings per week. One of his clients (27) who had the punani piercing said she learned about in 2012 while she was still in high school. “My best friend and I have always wanted to get one done just to make our honey pots look prettier and girly because of the sparkling ring. “I was interested in how it would feel to have it, how my partner would react and if he would appreciate my punani.” She said she had insecurities about her scars and believed the piercing would distract her partner. “Honestly, I feel more comfortable and confident when my body is being taken into an artistic space. After all, sex is about creating art,” she said. Another client said she got the piercing because she felt her sex life was boring. “I am an adventurous person and had to enhance my sex life with the piercing when I started to feel like my sex life with my partner was getting boring.” She said she learned about the piercing on TV and how it enticed your partner to always want you. “So I did it and we are now enjoying frequent sex,” she said.