SOUTH Africa Under-23 coach, David Notoane, said it would have been very unfortunate for Nkosingiphile Ngcobo to miss the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. Notoane told SunSport that a compromise has been reached with Kaizer Chiefs for Ngcobo to join the Olympic squad after Amakhosi’s Caf Champions League final against Al Ahly, scheduled for 17 July in Morocco. Notoane selected Ngcobo in his squad for the Tokyo Olympics, which kicks off on 23 July to 8 August. However, the Chiefs midfielder is not part of the current SA U-23 camp, based in Mpumalanga. He will also not travel next week with the Olympic team to Japan, but will join Notoane’s team later on after the Champions League final. South Africa will play their first Olympics group match against the hosts Japan at the Tokyo Stadium on 22 July. “It’s a historic moment for Chiefs‚ and it is also a historic opportunity for the players to play at the Olympics,” Notoane said. “So we reached an agreement with Chiefs, to get him to join us after the final. We had wanted Ngcobo and Reeve Frosler, but now we are only taking Ngcobo, as we feel it will be easy for one player to adapt quickly after joining the squad late.” In 2017, just before the Under-20 Fifa World Cup, Ngcobo sustained a long term injury that saw him miss out on the tournament. In the recently ended season, Ngcobo was one of Chiefs’ standout players. The compromise of joining the team late does not come as a surprise as he deserves to be part of the Olympic team. Notoane added: “It was going to be unfortunate not to have him because he deserves it. In 2017, when he was on top of his game, he got injured before going to the World Cup. “He cannot miss this one considering the tip form and consistency he showed this season. “We believe he will help us a lot. He has the brains and his creativity will significantly impact as we can play him in position 10, or as a winger.” As part of their preparations, the squad will play a friendly match against TS Sporting today.