Toya Delazy has once again been bullied by people on social media. The singer, who is Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi’s granddaughter, has been getting bullied a lot recently with people saying she’s lost her touch. On Sunday, 4 July Toya was arguing with people on Twitter when she was told she had “fallen off from the music industry”. It started after the singer commented on a video of controversial businessman, Mandla Lamba and his girlfriend. Mandla was speaking to his girlfriend and took a video, but people said the video looked like his girlfriend wasn’t comfortable, claiming the relationship might be abusive. But Toya said she liked the video and the energy in it. One tweep then commented and said that’s why the singer fell off from the industry. Toya didn’t take it lying down. She told the tweep she didn’t fall off and never left music. ALSO READ : STAR DROPS BANGER! Toya then told the tweep to remember their tweet when she wins a Grammy Award. “Remember this tweet when I win a Grammy. Remember that no one can stop you but yourself, even if 70 people or more support them, only you have the keys. Love yourself and create a life worth living,” she wrote. She later started a Twitter poll where she asked people to vote on whether she fell off or whether she never left music. The poll had over 80% on the option of her falling off, and 20% said she never left. From there, people started making fun of her. Toya then said not being on TV didn’t mean she had fallen off. “Media is colonised in SA. You are fed Americanised media. You are really not being shown what is really out there, just what they want you to see. Not being on TV is not falling off, trust me I’m just moving at a different altitude,” she wrote. One tweep asked her to stop engaging with people who were being negative towards her, but she said all the negativity didn’t define her. “Lol it’s a game. It doesn’t define me. Whatever they say, I am who I am. I’m enough, just as is. It’s crazy to think you actual think it will affect me. I’m alive, breathing and that alone is wow,” said Toya. No wonder you fell off OK let's see Remember this tweet when I win a Grammy. Remember that no one can stop you but yourself even if 70 people or more support them only you have the keys. Love your self and create a life worth living ?? https://t.co/InfHcTML65 Lol its a game it don't define me whatever they same I am who I am. I'm enough just as is . It's crazy to think you actual think it will affect me. I'm alive breathing that alone is wow https://t.co/PJJsqy2p7X  