MINISTER of Transport Fikile Mbalula has intervened to try and stop the bloodbath that has ravaged the Cape Town taxi industry for the past few weeks. Mbalula together with the MEC of Transport in the Western Cape, Daylin Mitchell, met with the taxi bosses at Gene Louw on Friday morning, 16 July and the meeting stretched till night time. A lot of taxi drivers and passengers have been shot and killed around Cape Town since the beginning of this month. The Cape Almagamated Taxi Association and Congress of Democratic Taxi Association have been fighting over routes. The latest killing incident happened on Thursday, 15 July on Mew Way Road in Khayelitsha where three people were shot dead and a five-month-old baby was hospitalised. Mbalula said the killings must come to an end. “The guns must stop, the killing must stop and operations must go on. If they don’t stop, we will then invoke what is required by the law. This has been going on for the longest time and we need to intervene because there is bloodshed, people are dying,” said Mbalula. The minister said the fact that taxi associations are willing to talk and fix the problems is a good start. Mitchell said quelling violence in the taxi industry is the priority of the Western Cape government and will do everything to stop the killings. “We have agreed that peace needs to be restored. We have an obligation as leaders in this industry to make sure that we keep our commuters safe and the innocent bystanders can no longer pay the price of internal conflict,” said Mitchell.  Residents from Philippi, Nyanga, Crossroads and other surrounding areas have been without taxis for the past three days. “They stopped even Amaphela (Toyota Avanzas) from operating. They had also barricaded taxi ranks. What it means is people are walking to the malls, and those who are supposed to work out of townships have not been going to work,” said Xola Maneli (44) from Browns Farm in Philippi. Mbalula and Mitchell are expected to sign a ceasefire agreement with the warring taxi associations on Saturday, 17 July.