SAFA president, Danny Jordaan, has described the promotion of Northern Cape side Hungry Lions to the GladAfrica Championship as “historical” in South African football. Lions found their passage to the national first division after having qualified to the ABC Motsepe League national finals, having beaten Mangaung United 5-4 on penalties in the semi-finals on Thursday, following a 2-2 draw after 90 minutes. They will now face the winner between Glendene United who will face Platinum City in the other semi-final on Thursday. The winner between United and City will be promoted to the Championship for the 2021-22 season. The overall national winner in the final will pocket a whooping R1 million while runners-up will earn R500 000. With Lions promoted, it means there will be a team in Northern Cape, a province that has struggled to shoot into the professional ranks. “It is a wonderful and historic day for footballers in the Northern Cape. The ABC Motsepe League, a league the gives each and every province a fair and equal opportunity to progress to professional football has delivered another major boost,” said Jordaan. “South African football, in every province, will now have a professional team. The Northern Cape has been without a professional team for 16 years after Basotho Tigers were sold to North West. “The players like George Mofokeng, Jimmy Tau and the late Henyekane brothers, Joseph and Richard, had to found teams outside the province. “Moses Spandeel said after Hungry Lions were knocked out in the Nedbank Cup that Hungry Lions, of Postmasburg, want to bring back professional football to the Northern Cape. This has now become a reality.” “Congratulations to president Emma Hendricks and the leadership in the Northern Cape. Thanks to the Motsepe Foundation.” Lions took part in last season’s Nedbank Cup edition. They firstly beat Jomo Cosmos 1-0 at Olen Park in February last year. However, they lost 4-2 in the last-16 to Baroka on penalty kicks after the game  finished 2-2 in extra time. Hungry Lions FC are through to the final of the 2020/21 #abcmotsepenationalplayoffs FINAL after winning 5-4 on penalties against Mangaung Unite after a 2 all draw pic.twitter.com/ZsiZGJrEwB 