FIVE years after the Life Esidimeni tragedy, it still remains unclear whether there would be any criminal prosecutions for victims. On Thursday, 15 July NPO Section27 held a virtual briefing about the upcoming judicial inquest into the deaths of the Life Esidimeni mental health patients, co-hosted by the South African Depression and Anxiety Group (Sadag) and the Life Esidimeni Family Committee. The inquest is expected to kick off on Monday, 19 July. Section27 executive director Umunyana Rugege said it was difficult to know if there would be any criminal prosecutions against government officials or NGO owners involved in the tragedy, but the decision lay with the NPA. “We are not at a place to say there will be criminal prosecution but the NPA has been working on this for long and we have been co-operating with them. The inquest will only be investigating the cause of death, which means families of survivors will not take part.” She said they didn’t have a list of the witnesses taking part in proceedings and were not certain whether former Gauteng health MEC Qedani Mahlangu would take part. During Life Esidimeni Arbitration proceedings chaired by retired Deputy Chief Justice Dikgang Moseneke, Mahlangu was implicated to have given the go-ahead for mentally ill patients to be moved to different NGOs after the department ended its contract with the Life Esidimeni Group. It was found there was unconstitutional conduct and compensation was ordered for the affected families. The inquest process is expected to provide answers on who’s responsible for the deaths of the 144 victims. Rugege said: “Like any court proceeding, it will take as long as it takes. Part of this process is to bring accountability. “ Once the inquest is finished, the NPA will take the findings and determine whether there were any criminal actions. The Life Esidimeni Family Committee said affected families haven’t been able to find closure. Committee member Christine Nxumalo said: “It is very emotional. That’s why this process is very important. To not have anyone account will seem like those responsible would have got away with murder.” Families are petitioning for a monument to be built to ensure this kind of tragedy is never repeated.