KAIZER Chiefs look set to part ways with left backs – Philani Zulu, Siphosakhe Ntiya Ntiya and Yagan Sasman – to pave the way for new recruits. According to a reliable source, Amakhosi will release the three defenders as they made less contribution in the team last season under the guidance of sacked coach, Gavin Hunt. Even though Zulu was given a run for few minutes in Chiefs’ 3-0 defeat against Egyptian giants Al Ahly in the Caf Champions League final played in Morocco over the weekend, he is believed not to be in the plans of head coach Stuart Baxter for the new season. Zulu started just five league games last season, while Ntiya Ntiya has featured only four times for Chiefs. Sasman has also been warming the bench since he scored twice to help Chiefs beat Maritzburg United 2-1 in the MTN8 Cup quarter-finals in October last year. Amakhosi have already brought in veteran defender Sifiso Hlanti from Swallows FC to plug the gap in that role, having failed to secure his signature last year due to the two-window transfer ban imposed on the club by Fifa. The Soweto giants are also on the verge of signing left-footed defender Austin Dube from GladAfrica Championship side Richards Bay. Said SunSport’s source: “Zulu and Ntiya Ntiya’s contract won’t be renewed because both players failed to stamp their authority in the team last season to give management reasons to renew their contracts. That’s why the club has signed Hlanti.” Although Sasman’s contract will only expire at the end of next DStv Premiership season, SunSport has learnt that he will also be released to get game time elsewhere. The former Ajax Cape Town defender played only four matches in all competitions under Hunt, which is not good enough by Chiefs’ standards. Explained the source: “Sasman has been struggling to convince the technical staff that he is Chiefs material. “He only started in two MTN8 matches and one Telkom Knockout, while coming on as a substitute in the Premiership last season. This is the reason they want to release him, even though his contract still has a year before it expires.” However, Chiefs’ football manager, Bobby Motaung, said they still have a month to sort out players’ contractual matters and are yet to make a clear decision about player movements. “We’re still in Morocco and we will give players some time off to rest,” said Motaung. “We’ll start discussing those issues when they return. We’ll issue a statement when we’re done with everything.”