OFFICIALS have confirmed the positive cases inside the Olympics Village. They said all cases come from the same country and are participating in the same sport and isolated in individual rooms, officials said Sunday. Regrettably, the SA team is the one with all the cases. SA Video Analyst Mario Masha became the first official to test positive following daily Covid-19 tests on Thursday evening and subsequently went into isolation. Players Thabiso Monyane and Kamohelo Mahlatsi then also tested positive on Friday and Saturday, respectively. Coach David Notoane admitted that this has created more challenges for them. “We definitely have challenges with the positive cases of Covid.,” Notoane said. “Our program is already on halted, we were supposed to have our first training session since our arrival in Japan, but it will be put on hold. Covid is scary for us in the tournament in terms of its impact by the look of things.” He explained: “I think we came into this Olympic Village a bit more confident having gone through the challenges we had in South Africa, then we though we are over the Covid challenges  because in the Village we are more secured then it turns out two of our members have now tested positive. You can’t even imagine to look where they got it from, we lost one player coming here, when we arrived in Japan everyone was cleared it is really scary. We have already experienced it other teams are still coming it is going to be very difficult tournament.” Notoane, who has dreamed of reaching the tournament's knockout stages, is now doubting if they would be able to achieve that as the number could increase with more athletes arriving for the games. He states: “Of course, as a sport fraternity we like continuing with our normal activities, playing football is part of what is normal for us, but it looks like we are forcing measures to be honest. it is unsettling, it is uncomfortable. There’s a lot of uncertainty and one of the things you want as a sports person when you are going to compete is with your preparation but with the situation we facing now one cannot even think of the line-up that will face Japan on Thursday. This uncertainty, hanging in the balance is not nice it makes the game to be a little bit turn off to say the least.”