 Former President Jacob Zuma has handed himself over to the police. The Jacob Zuma Foundation confirmed in a statement shared on Twitter that the former state man had decided comply with the incarceration order. The foundation said Zuma was on his way to hand himself into a Correctional Services Facility in KZN.  Police had to arrest him or Minister Bheki Cele and the national commissioner would face charges of contempt of court. Cele, through his spokeswoman Lirandzu Themba, has made it clear he was not prepared to face that charge. Cdes, we celebrate the imprisonment of the Freedom Fighter @PresJGZuma Cdes, we celebrate the incarceration of the only man who remained loyal to @MYANC. Cdes, no retreat, no surrender in fighting WMC and their proxy’s in our Leadership. Amandla ?????????!!! pic.twitter.com/SUgNzPmWEf  Cele was reported to be in Durban, apparently meeting senior party leaders to help him convince Zuma to hand himself over to start serving his 15 month prison sentence. Dear South Africans and the World.Please be advised that President Zuma has decided to comply with the incarceration order.He is on his way to hand himself into a Correctional Services Facility in KZN.A full statement will be issued in due course.#WenzenuZuma  Earlier in the week, Cele indicated he was not going to arrest Zuma until his legal challenge to rescind the sentence has been finalized. By late Wednesday afternoon, Themba told Daily Sun the minister had not heard anything. “But if we don’t get a response we are going to effect the arrest.” [BREAKING] the @JGZ_Foundation reporting that #JacobZuma has decided to comply with the incarceration order.He is on his way to hand himself into a Correctional Services Facility in KZN. A full statement will be issued in due course. @News24 (@pule_jones)  Video footage of cops being turned away by MKMVA veterans from Nkandla was being circulated on social media. Police were not readily available to comment on whether they were ready to move in on Wednesday but Brigadier Vish Naidoo earlier in the week stated that the operation in KZN has been reinforced. #ZumaArrest#ZumaJudgment #ARRESTZUMA #CarlNiehaus pic.twitter.com/ynhgsapiaI  The NEC Committee said the suspension followed his inflammatory remarks outside Zuma’s house. ANC spokesman Pule Mabe, in an impromptu press conference said this was the first of the actions the party will be taking against ill disciplined members.