A WOMAN who is engaged to a man who is 44 years older than her says she’s not her sugar daddy. Conni Cotten (24) met Herb Dickerson when she was volunteering at a homeless shelter three years ago in Charlottesville, Virginia. After four months of dating, the pair moved in together and last year, when Conni celebrated 18 months of sobriety, they got engaged. While they have to fight off insults branding Conni as a “sugar baby” after Herb’s money, she insists she’s head over heels in love with him. According to The Mirror, people were shocked when they discovered they were a couple. “The most common comment I get is people thinking that I’m with him for money. They think it’s a sugar daddy relationship or he’s with me just for sex because I’m younger. “My family was shocked initially, and they weren’t a fan of the relationship. They were concerned for my safety, but they’ve accepted him over time because they can trust him and how happy he makes me. They love him like family now,” she said. The pair bonded when they realised they were both recovering from substance abuse, although Conni admits she was instantly attracted to Herb. The SunTeam asked readers about their thoughts, and Yonela Moshoeshoe said: “Obviously she is in it for the money. That madala is probably older than his father. It’s okay to date someone older than you, but the age gap should be reasonable – 10 years maximum.” Tsholofelo Tsholo said: “I’m attracted to older men, so I wouldn’t mind, as long he loves me and I feel the same. Old men have so much experience. Most of them are tired and want stability, and are already financially stable. So, why not? He won’t give me stress and I will always look yummy to him, so no umjolo problems.” Happiness Nokuthula Kuhle said: “I need that one right now. Maybe I can get peace in a relationship. A man who will only love me and not cheat.” Katlego Thee’Rebel Destiny said: “Age is nothing but a number. As long as no one is underage, I don’t see a problem.” Pearl Pizza said: “Age is nothing but a number. All we need is love. The old ones are more powerful than the youth.”