SOUTH Africa’s wheelchair tennis ace, Kgothatso Montjane, is looking to ride the wave of momentum from her Wimbledon performance into the upcoming Paralympic Games in Tokyo. The Games, scheduled to take place between 24 August and 5 September, will offer Montjane a golden opportunity to continue putting smiles on the faces of South Africans. The Limpopo-born star, who is the first black South African woman to compete at Wimbledon, recently won the hearts of the nation when she reached both the singles and doubles finals of the competition. Although she lost both, Montjane returned home with her head held high after she put up a valiant fight. The 35-year-old has now set her sights on the Paralympics where she will be making her fourth appearance after she competed in Beijing, London, and Rio Paralympics. Montjane, currently ranked first in her field in Africa, and fifth in the world, will be targeting a place on the podium. “I am going to the Paralympics with a new belief and have set myself (a goal of) a place on the podium,” Montjane said. “For the past four years, it was all about preparing for the Paralympics. I want to make sure that I am seeded going into the Paralympics. “I think that’s the big one. I was taking every match in Wimbledon like I was playing in the Paralympics. “If I managed to reach the Wimbledon final, then I can also reach the final in the Paralympics. “I’m positive of a podium finish. I really don’t care which medal I get. I just want to see myself on the podium. I’m going in there with a lot of confidence.” Montjane is also hoping to enter the doubles competition for the first time at the Paralympics, where she could partner with compatriot Mariska Venter. Venter, who is ranked 34th in the world, has been awarded a wild-card by the International Tennis Federation and will be heading to Tokyo. “For the first time, I will be playing doubles as well at the Paralympics,” confirmed Montjane. “Mariska Venter will be my partner. I would like to think that it’s all sorted. “It’s an opportunity to play doubles and I’m looking forward to it.”