BAFANA Bafana were welcomed with open arms in every country we played. The players conducted themselves as good ambassadors. No more so than Bafana’s ground breaking trip to Australia in June 1994 where we played two games and lost both 1-0. But what has stuck in my mind were three incidents back in those days. The first involved Bafana and Kaizer Chiefs midfield legend Doctor Khumalo when the players conducted an impromptu coaching clinic for youngsters in Adelaide, prior to our first tour match against the Socceroos. The charismatic Khumalo was one of many from the Bafana “Golden Generation” that were starting to blossom on the international stage during that period. The popular Khumalo was mobbed by the youngsters and he was only too happy to give the kids some tips and sign autographs. But the next two incidents were different. Bafana skipper Steve Komphela showed his humble side when Bafana lost 1-0 in Sydney in front of a small crowd by accepting the blame for the goal and defeat. Komphela, one of the best centre-backs we have produced in the modern era, took the responsibility for that loss on the chin. “It was my mistake and I apologise,” said Komphela who would go on and become a household name as a player in Turkey and as a coach in Mzansi. His opposite number, the Socceroos captain Alex Tobin, had an embarrassing issue to deal with after the game. He pulled no punches as he lashed out at the Sydney media. I remember at the time the biggest selling Sydney newspaper had what looked like nearly 100 pages of sport in their Sunday edition and NOT a word about Bafana’s game with the Socceroos that day. Tobin was right to be embarrassed. The lack of any mention of our game took us all by surprise. “I can only apologise. How can our newspapers devote so much space to every other sport and completely ignore a touring soccer team,” he said. Despite coming home with two losses, the tour did wonders giving the players invaluable experience and laid the foundation for Bafana’s winning the 1996 Africa Cup of Nations.