MAMELODI Sundowns cannot afford to rest on their laurels. This is according to co-coach Rhulani Mokwena, who insists that the Tshwane giants’ continued dominance of the PSL depends on the constant improvement of the team. Downs are back in Chloorkop where they are preparing for the upcoming season. “We know that some of the things that worked for us last season may not necessarily work for us next season,” said Mokwena. “A lot of teams are preparing for us and want to close the gap. We have a responsibility to improve the team and introduce new things that will keep us ahead. “We have to be careful, however, because we don’t want to break too much of what we did last season. We did lay a good foundation and we need to build on it.” Sundowns are determined to maintain their dominance in the DStv Premiership where they have won four titles on the spin. The Tshwane giants, however, believe there’s still plenty of room for improvement as they now look to dominate other domestic cup competitions. They will also be hoping to make a good account of themselves in the Caf Champions League – a competition they are desperate to win for the second time after their triumph in 2016. And they have gone into the transfer market in an attempt to further bolster their impressive squad as they look to ensure that they continue to put some distance between themselves and the competition. Grant Kekana has joined from Tshwane rivals SuperSport United along with Neo Maema from Bloemfontein Celtic as well as Golden Arrows left-back Devine Lunga. Slovakian striker Pavol Šafranko, who joined from Romanian Liga I outfit Sepsi OSK SF, will be looking to add goals to the Downs attack that already has sharpshooters Peter Shalulile, Kermit Erasmus and Gift Motupa. They have also signed Maritzburg United striker Thabiso Kutumela on a five year deal. “The good thing is that the recruitment was done in a thorough manner,” added Mokwena. “We tried to ensure that we get what we didn’t have already. Each one of the signings was particular about trying to solve a certain aspect of our team. “They are all adapting and looking to move into the Sundowns way of playing. Their age is important as well, they bring down our average age so we can have a succession plan.”