A
99-year-old Western Cape woman and her 65-year-old daughter have received their
Covid-19 vaccine jabs – thanks to their neighbour. Nowatshini
Ndaku and her daughter, Thandiswa, received their jabs at the Mbekweni
Community Hall in Paarl on Monday. "When
community health workers visited homes in the Mbekweni area to support residents
with registering for the Covid-19 vaccination, Nowatshini and her daughter were
not home. When they returned, their neighbour told them about the visit and
made phone calls on their behalf to find out how they can register,"
Western Cape Government Health spokesperson Sandra Maritz said. Maritz
added that the neighbour used her phone to register the two and notified them
when it was time for their appointment. The
appointment was scheduled for Friday, but rain prevented them from going. "We
were very happy that it was our turn. We had seen on TV how well-known people
got vaccinated, and we could not wait to go for our vaccinations. This was
long-awaited," Thandiswa said. Nowatshini,
who will turn 100 in October, is one of the oldest people in the province to
receive the Covid-19 vaccine jab, Maritz said. In May, a
103-year-old woman in Delft, Cape Town, also received the shot. The Western
Cape has administered 498 404 vaccine doses to date. "The
lockdown has been a challenging time for the family, but they feel safer now
that they've had the first of the two-dose vaccine. The vaccine will protect
them against serious disease if they do get Covid-19. They [now] eagerly wait
for their appointment in August to go for their second injection. It is
important that people who have received their first dose of the vaccine
continue to adhere to safety measures such as wearing their masks, keeping a
distance from other people and avoiding gatherings," Maritz said. Without the
assistance of their neighbour, Thobeka Njovane, vaccination may not have become
a reality for the mother and daughter. "We
are very grateful for Thobeka for her help. We are feeling very happy. Other
people should not be afraid. There is no danger and there was no pain with the
injection. We must protect ourselves against this virus," Nowatshini said. To register
or assist an elderly person in your community to register for vaccination, dial
*134*832* or WhatsApp the word REGISTER to 0600 123 456. If you are 60 or
older, you can also ask to be registered at your nearest vaccination site. SOURCE:
NEWS24 