AS the situation in Eswatini deepens, so does the mystery around the whereabouts of King Mswati III. On Wednesday, 30 June, the stand-off between security forces and citizens worsened as the armed forces opened fire on protesters. Protesters ran amok destroying property and targeted some companies including Swaziland Breweries, which is linked to the king. Mswati is under pressure to surrender power, which he’s held since 1986. Critics demand he makes way for the establishment of a democratically-elected president. Amid the escalating clashes which have drawn international criticism, Mswati has been silent which has given weight to the rumours he has “fled” the county. Earlier this week, the largest opposition, People’s United Democratic Movement claimed he was in South Africa, where he has relations to the Zulu kingdom. The late Zulu nation queen Mantfombi Dlamini-Zulu was Mswati’s sister. But the Eswatini government denied reports he was out of the country. The rumour mill took another turn on Wednesday after it was reported the king had in fact been “hiding” in Mozambique, while other rumours alleged he was in Zimbabwe. According to unconfirmed reports, the king had been in Harare over the past few days. Calls mounted for Mswati to emerge and address the nation, but to no avail.  “The king must speak and concede to the demands of the people. AmaSwati have suffered for too long under his dictatorship. The violence seen today is due to years of oppression,” said activist, Kiki Dlamini. The shutting down of the internet further angered activists. It’s been down since Tuesday, was partially restored but was off again yesterday. “Why did you shut down the internet in the country? What’s next? Phone lines so people can’t communicate with the outside world to seek help?” said Zandi Thabethe. The internet shutdown came despite calls by government for citizens to use it to channel their grievances officially to government. Acting prime minister Themba Masuku said: “Government would like to assure all emaSwati, residents of Eswatini, the international community and diplomatic partners that we are working around the clock to ensure the situation is normalised.” – CAJ NEWS