RECORD label Open Mic has issued an official statement regarding musician Nomcebo Zikode’s claims. This after Nomcebo issued a public letter accusing the record label of exploiting her craft and then refusing to pay for it. Part of the letter read: “My voice and lyrics have transcended globally, but I still await what is due to me. I have not been paid a cent by the label for #Jerusalema despite the song’s global success. I have been ridiculed, with efforts to marginalise my contribution. “The continued love and support from fans of #Jerusalema has been my strength and anchor during this difficult time. I, as a female artist, can’t stay silent on this anymore. The matter is now with my lawyers.” OFFICIAL STATEMENT FROM OPEN-MIC PRODUCTIONS pic.twitter.com/C0Ij4vqEma Record label manager Branden Maseko issued a statement detailing its side of the story. And according to the statement, Nomcebo was still an artist at Open Mic. The company also acknowledged that both Nomcebo and Master KG had not been paid, putting the blame solely on Nomcebo. ALSO READ: THE GLOVES ARE OFF BETWEEN NOMCEBO AND MASTER KG! The statement read in part: “We note utterances made by our artist Nomcebo Zikode on social media in regard to payment for her featured artist role in the song Jerusalema by Master KG. Nomcebo’s utterances cannot be left uncorrected. “We can confirm that during the creation of the song, Master KG (main artist) and Nomcebo Zikode (featured) agreed on sharing 50/50 of Master KG’s earnings. The featured artist agreement, which reflected an equal split between the two, was drafted last November for both parties to sign.” According to the statement, Nomcebo, through her legal team, did not sign the contract. Instead, she reviewed it and asked for a higher percentage. As a result, there’s been back-and-forth communication between the parties. “No payment has been made to either artist as yet because Nomcebo is yet to sign the featured artist agreement that essentially records what was agreed between herself and Master KG prior to both of them going into the studio.” Branden went on to say the agreement, among other things, showed what percentage of Master KG’s artist royalties was payable to Nomcebo for her role. 