A man serving 18 years for rape and other offences has been
slapped with an additional seven life sentences and 60 years in jail for
similar crimes. Oupa Morgan, 30, was recently sentenced by the South Gauteng
High Court in Johannesburg while already serving a jail term imposed by the
Limpopo High Court in February 2021 for numerous counts of rapes and robberies
with aggravating circumstances committed between 2016 and 2017, said Gauteng
National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane. Mjonondwane added Morgan, who is originally from Limpopo,
moved to Gauteng in 2017 and continued targeting women. "He continued with his trail of destruction, pouncing
on women on their way to work and others in their homes between March 2018 and
October 2018." Morgan was found guilty of seven counts of rape and robbery
with aggravating circumstances, six counts of kidnapping, two counts of pointing
an object likely to lead a person to believe it is a firearm and one charge of
housebreaking with intent to commit an offence. On 1 May, he pleaded guilty to all counts. Mjonondwane said prosecutor advocate Valencia Dube submitted
victim impact statements which detailed how his victims were scarred for life. The reports revealed some of the women lost their jobs due
to the trauma. Dube also submitted a pre-sentence report that was earlier
submitted to the Limpopo High Court to prove Morgan had got away with lies
about his circumstances, resulting in a sentence of 18 years. She urged the court "not to fall for the same trick by
the accused whose intentions are to make a mockery of the justice system". "Morgan has demonstrated that he cannot be trusted with
taking the court into his confidence when presented with an opportunity to do
so," Dube said, calling for it to "protect society by removing him
from society as there are no prospects of successfully rehabilitating
him". The judge said the court was dealing with a habitual
offender who had a chance of redeeming himself after leaving Limpopo but chose
to continue inflicting harm on unsuspecting women, Mjonondwane added. SOURCE: NEWS24 