HER daughter was once bubbly and intelligent, but all this changed three years ago. Her daughter changed out of the blue and even tried to kill herself four times by drinking pills. On top of that, she has become violent, which has resulted in her family living in fear. The 37-year-old mother from Kagiso, Mogale City, is now in desperate need of help for her daughter. She said her daughter (17) was checked for mental illnesses, but doctors claimed they couldn’t find anything. “She was given pills to keep her calm, but lately it’s as though those pills don’t work.” The mum told Daily Sun although her daughter has stopped trying to kill herself, her behaviour has worsened. “She speaks to people we can’t see and has serious conversations with them. She sometimes calls them by name, but half of the time I really can’t hear what she says because she’s not making any sense.” She said her daughter has also become violent and beats them up. “I live with my other kids and she beats the three of us up when she’s angry. We even have to tie her up as she’s strong and overpowers us. She’s in bed half of the time and doesn’t want to take a bath. She also has a bad odour she came back from school with. She claimed one of her classmates poured something on her, which has been smelling on her since,” she said. The mum said her daughter even goes on a hunger strike and refuses to touch food. “She’s so stubborn and does things only when she wants to. She sometimes tells me that my daughter is gone and is never coming back and I have to accept it. “It pains me as I’ve tried doctors, izangoma, prophets and priests but she’s not getting better. I’m broke and unemployed. Every cent I get I use to get her help.” The mum said her daughter sometimes wants to go to the river. “I believe her problem could be spiritually related,” she said. Gobela gogo Nontsikazi said: “She could’ve been bewitched even by her peers at school. She might have a calling as some of the symptoms her mother is outlining relate to the umndau ancestor, which can make a person lose their mind if they don’t pay attention to it. I suggest they come for a consultation so we can know what we’re dealing with before we start with treatment.” Dr Hlengani Maluleke said these were signs of major depression, especially as she wants to take her life. “They need to be consistent with taking her for psychiatric evaluation and treatment.”