Multi-award winning singer Candy Tsa Mandebele has dedicated her new single to hardworking mums. The song Ekaya featuring Mafikizolo’s Nhlanhla Mafu was released last Friday. Candy told SunBuzz it is about honouring women from all over the world who fend for themselves and their families. “Ekaya is about women who are grounded in family and have to leave their children and homes to try and make their lives better,” she said. “Some mothers wake up early in the morning and travel far to take care of their families. They should be celebrated. “The song also celebrates the coming together of women in order to take care of their families,” said the singer. Candy said the song also relates to her life story of having to return home in Bolobedu, Limpopo, after Covid-19 affected her financially. “When we started working on this song, I was preparing to go back home because I hadn’t been working for a year and I decided to leave Joburg and go back home. “At the time, I was also part of the Limpopo Women in Music Workshop which is all about women coming together,” she said. “At that point, I felt like this song was really based on my life because these are the two things the song is about. “I left Joburg to return to my family because I wasn’t working. But here I am working for my kids, while also working with other women.” Cany said she had always wanted to work with Nhlanhla and is glad it finally happened. “I’ve always wanted to work with her from since we were both signed under Kalawa Jazmee. “But I didn’t approach her because I thought I would ask her for a collabo the day I start recording the music that’s close to my heart and enjoy doing,” she said. “Now that I’m finally at that stage, I decided to contact her. “I asked her to do the collaboration and she agreed. “Producer Dr Frank produced two songs for us and we both loved Ekaya the most and then we made the song.” She said she’ll be dropping an EP soon. “The EP will be released before the end of the year. “But right now, the focus is on Ekaya. We’ll still push it, especially during Women’s Month, August.” Said Candy: “For now, people need to hear this song. It’s available online.”