MZANSI is mourning the untimely passing on of Ikosi Sipho
Mahlangu, Chairperson of National House of Traditional Leaders. National House of Traditional and Khoi-san Leaders Secretary
Abram Sithole confirmed to Daily Sun of the passing on of Ikosi Mahlangu on
Saturday, 17 July. "It is with sadness and deepest shock that we announce
the untimely passing of the Chairperson of National House of Traditional and
Khoi-San Leaders, Ikosi Sipho Etwell Mahlangu. "The passing of Ikosi Mahlangu has surely left an
indelible mark in the Country as a whole and the Institution of Traditional
Leadership. The Chairperson passed on Friday 16 July," said Sithole. His spokesman Mandla Linda said: "It is true that the
Lord alone knows the days that he has allotted to each one of us. Details about
the funeral and other arrangements will be communicated in due course.'Uphumule
ngoxolo Ndzundza," said Linda. Contralesa President Kgoshi Mathibela Mokoena said:"
Contralesa learnt with shock, and dismay of the passing on Ikosi Mahlangu, Chairperson
of National House of Traditional Leaders. This come at the time when we thought
traditional leaders will also be considered in terms of vaccinations. It is a
pity that our government decided not to include the institution of traditional
leadership into those who supposed to be vaccinated that's where we are now.” “For the past months we lost not less than 15 traditional
leaders, because of this Covid-19. We want to call upon our government further
consider putting royal leadership into the list of the people who supposed to
be vaccinated. We remember Ikosi Mahlangu for the role he played in making sure
there is a good relationship in Contralesa and National House of Traditional
Leaders. "Whenever it would be debate in the National House of
Traditional Leaders Ikosi Mahlangu would make sure we participate as
Contralesa. Secondly when there're debate workshops that were arranged by Cogta
he's also be there to participate because of Ikosi Mahlangu who made a point
that we are invited as Contralesa. As Contralesa we lost a giant, someone who
was willing to put whatever down in order to make sure royal leadership to
prosper. His soul may it rest in peace." Mpumalanga Premier Refilwe Mtshweni - Tsipane said the
Mpumalanga Provincial government is reeling with shock of the passing of Ikosi
Mahlangu. She said his death has robbed the nation a towering figure
who committed to the cause of improving the socio-economic conditions of
communities in rural areas. She said he will be remembered as a champion of rural
development. "We join the President, His Excellency Cyril Ramaphosa,
the National House of Traditional Leaders and the nation as a whole in mourning
the demise of Ikosi Mahlangu. He was a rare breed and an embodiment of
servanthood leadership, selfless and trustworthy. He belonged to the generation
of leaders who served our communities in Mpumalanga with humanity and dignity
and further represented the province in the highest echelons of our country
with excellence.” “Ikosi Mahlangu advanced the cause of rural communities by
ensuring that their inspirations find space in the developmental agenda of the
country. The Agririan Revolution, the Sustainable Comprehensive Rural
Development Programme and the Rural Development Strategies designed to
intensify the fight against the high levels of poverty and fund insecurity in
rural areas introduced during his tenure as Chairperson of the National House
of Traditional Leaders attest to this. This endeared him as a mouthpiece of the
previously marginalized communities. We send our deepest condolences to the
Ndzundza Mabusa Traditional Council. May his soul rest in peace, " said Mtshweni
- Tsipane. She said Ikosi Mahlangu served as Chairperson of the
Mpumalanga Provincial House of Traditional Leaders between 2007 and 2012 and
subsequently joined the National House of Traditional Leaders in 2017.