KAIZER Chiefs Sporting director Kaizer Motaung Jnr says whatever the result will be on Saturday, it will be a stepping stone to the beginning of what the future has for them. Amakhosi jetted out of Mzansi on Wednesday morning to Morocco, where they will face Egyptian Giants Al Ahly in the Caf Champions League final. The highly anticipated final will be held at the Mohamed V Stadium on Saturday (9pm SA time.) Chiefs are in their quest to make history, eyeing their first-ever Caf Champions league title. And on the other hand, Ahly coach Pitso Mosimane made it clear that the star would not come cheap for Amakhosi. They will have to fight on the day as the Red Devils are also eyeing their historic 10th Champions League title. Motaung Jnr said their objectives would change after this historic campaign they had on the continent. Taking to the club media ahead of boarding their flight to Morocco, Motaung Jnr said: “I think it is a very historic, momentous occasion. "Football-wise, this is a very important time for us because we are looking to evolve our way of playing. And to do that you have to be the best in your country‚ on the continent‚ and looking to challenge Europe and South America and the other areas in the Club World Cup." "It goes a long way in developing the kind of football that we want to bring to the table to create long term success." Amakhosi are already planning what is next for them after the Caf final according to Motuang Jnr who added: "The plans after this are to put together strategies and programs that will ensure that we feature regularly in the Champions League and achieve on a global scale. "Once you have tasted this success (reaching the final), it shows that you have aligned your priorities differently, and your objectives are also going to change. He added: “So, for us it will be about sitting down, putting our heads together in terms of how do we put together our structures so we can create sustainable appearances in elements like Champions League. It’s exciting times and whatever the result on Saturday, I believe it will be a stepping stone.” As much as it is a historic moment, Motaung admitted that it comes with a huge responsibility for the players who helped the team make it this far in the tournament. Players such as Eric Mathoho, Samir Nurkovic, Bernard Parker, Willard Katsande and Njabulo Blom are expected to play a massive role on Saturday against Ahly in ensuring that Amakhosi come back home with the title.