SEVEN years ago the gogo went to a sangoma to chase away the nyatsis from her 73-year-old husband. And the nyatsis are gone, but the gogo is miserable. Every year in July the tokoloshe comes back and terrorises the 71-year-old gogo from Wattville, Ekurhuleni, for the entire month. The gogo told Daily Sun she went to a sangoma in Daveyton who gave her muthi and instructions on what to do. She said after a week, her husband started spending more time with her and she was happy. But three weeks later she started hearing things move around the house and something jumping up and down the roof. She said later they heard footsteps in the room and the tokoloshe even sprinkled them with water, keeping her and her husband awake. “We prayed a lot and sprinkled salt so I thought it was gone, but every July has been a nightmare since then,” she said. She said the following July it started again and they went back to the same sangoma. He did rituals and it went away for a week, and then it came straight back. When she asked the sangoma what went wrong, he said something blocked him. “I don’t believe him because he helped me and now he’s blocked. I don’t believe this,” she said. She said they had called prophets but they had all failed as the tokoloshe still gave them sleepless nights. Gogo lost her husband last year in October through Covid-19 and he’s the one who used to pray and sprinkle salt. Daily Sun spoke to the gogo’s sister (68), who said she’s doesn’t believe in izangoma but it seems they were the only people who could help. “I’ve brought my church people to pray but there was no difference. We don’t know what to do,” she said. Gogo’s daughter (35) said she even had to send her kids to their dad because they would be scared when it was time to sleep. “I really wish my mum didn’t go to that sangoma. We wouldn’t be living like this. We don’t know where all those nyatsis went, but it wasn’t worth it,” she said. When Daily Sun tried to get comment from the sangoma, he refused to speak. The SunTeam spoke to sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi, who said the sangoma did something he shouldn’t have done. “The lady just wanted the nyatsis gone, but he wanted to experiment with a new tokoloshe. “This is why the tokoloshe ended up terrorising the family,” said Dungamanzi. He also said getting rid of it was not impossible, but it’ll definitely take time.