THERE is no better feeling than scoring the winning goal in any football match, whether it be at school or professional level. But the euphoria of scoring, not just the winning goal, but one of the most spectacular which sent Bafana Bafana into their first even Fifa World Cup finals, fell to one of my all time favourite players, Philemon “Chippa” Masinga. The memory of that “wonder goal” in Bafana’s 1-0 win over a disruptive Congo at a jam packed FNB Stadium on 16 August 1997 has never left me. I rate it as my favourite goal of all time, given its significance and sheer quality. I loved watching Chippa in action. A number of so-called “football fans” were critical of Masinga’s style of play. But few realised how much punishment and sacrifices he made for Bafana and the clubs he played for. He was targeted by defenders and he took all the punishment, which included being kicked and hacked in his stride. Chippa was the perfect target man. And he played in some of the toughest leagues in world football – Italy and England at the highest level, where defenders never took any prisoners. After the Congo game I joined the celebrations at Bafana squad’s Parktown Hotel and who was the first person to greet me? – Chippa, accompanied by skipper Lucas “Rhoo” Radebe. I was ecstatic for Chippa. Lucas came up with a classic line of “the Madiba Magic helped us” when I asked him how we had reached the 1998 World Cup in France against the odds for the first time in our history. We hugged each other in a typical South African celebration. We were all part of this Bafana team. I was accompanied by an English journalist Henry Winter who is now one of the top football writers in England. Winter said it was extraordinary when both Chippa and Lucas hugged me at the players’ hotel. Those were the happy days that produced the “Golden Generation”. A fantastic time to write about Mzansi football. An astonished Winter said something like: “That (hugging players) would never happen with the England team and the English media.” Chippa retired after a 3-0 defeat against Sweden in Stockholm on 15 August 2001 – four years after his wonder goal against Congo and gave me his famous No. 6 Bafana jersey after the game. The only time in 40 years I have asked a player for his jersey. Chippa has gone too soon. He is sadly missed. RIP, Philemon “Chippa” Masinga. A true legend.