 AWARD-WINNING actor Mutodi Neshehe has passed on. The passing of the talented actor best known for his role as Ndalamo Mukwevho on the SABC2 soapie Muvhango was confirmed by his family through a statement. “It is with great sadness we announce the passing of Mutodi Neshehe who was our brother, uncle, father, mentor, role model, and actor, He will be greatly missed by his family and close friends,” read the statement. Not much details have been shared about the cause of his death and the family has asked for privacy in this difficult period of their lives. The family further said that more details will be shared soon about his funeral and memorial service.   RIP: Mutodi NesheheThe actor has passed. He was just 46 years old. #RIPMutodiNeshehe pic.twitter.com/laL5cQRfP6  They further said that more details will be shared soon about his funeral and memorial service. RIP @Mutodi. You, @rapulanas and @Connie_Fergusongave us some crazy scenes ??. Thank you for sharing your talent with us. ???????.#RIPMutodiNeshehe #Generations pic.twitter.com/0iHf0cuaSW A smile that brightens up every room you entered I’m not ok I just lost my friend I’m so numb ???????? You are at peace now I will always love you and I miss you already #RIPMutodiNeshehe pic.twitter.com/lqtnJNaddj #RIPDrJohnTibane #RIPSteveKekana #RIPDanMaswanganye #ripmutodineshehe I'm still in shock ??????but there's nothing we can do God give and take #condolences to there families????? pic.twitter.com/YzDGrLaS3u   Just days before his passing the talented actor who has been a part of many productions such as Generations, The Queen and Rockville has been talking about the joys of being a father. In a brief post on Father’s Day, he said his children are his ride or die. “The joy of my life simply lays in the fact that I have been blessed with the front row seat to watch these beautiful souls become worthy members of society. Happy Father’s Day to you all. Remember, just be there. Much love and light.” Since the news of his passing, Mzansi has been left shattered and heartfelt messages of condolences have been pouring in for the fallen star. Fhumulani said that she’s heartbroken. “What is going on lately. I’m in such disbelief that Mutodi is gone. May his soul rest in peace,” she said. Lindiwe Dlamini said: “So many deaths and RIP hashtags today. Just saw the news about Mutodi Neshehe’s passing as well. Yoh!” 