ESWATINI King says he couldn’t immediately call for calm as the protesters were not willing to listen. Mswati III was addressing emaSwati during a public meeting that he called at Ludzidzini on Friday, 16 July. He announced that he appointed a new prime minister, Cleopas Dlamini. He said Dlamini will guide the country towards economic recovery. This was his first public appearance since the unrest. Several businesses were torched down by the pro-democracy protesters. At least over 50 people were reported to have been killed by security forces, while over 200 people sustained serious injuries. Mswati said there is a notion that when a country is burning, people will expect you to immediately call for calm. “There is this notion that when a country is faced with a crisis, the nation will expect the leader of the country to come out and say ‘I am calling for calm’ like it’s fashion. If you don’t say that word, it will be a problem,” he said.  He said he then asked himself how he was going to call for calm because the people were not in a good state of mind. “How do you start a conversation with such people, you can’t do that. They had matches and petrol. They had the courage to do whatever they did without realising that everything will backfire,” said Mswati. He said security forces had to be deployed to restore calm in the country as people were fearing for their lives. The king further announced a R500 million reconstruction programme package to support affected businesses. He said the damage caused amounts to R3 billion and has had a negative impact on investors. “We were all shocked by the recent protests. We were never prepared for this. They messed up structures built for many years in two days. The damage is huge. It only took seconds to happen and it will take time to rebuild the country,” he said. The king said the money will be used to help the banking sector and insurance companies. He further describes the actions of the protesters as acts of evil. “What happened is not normal, especially for a peaceful country like this. There was no need for the looting and damage to property,” he said. Mswati dismissed claims that he fled the country, stating that he could not address the nation immediately because he was following Covid-19 precautionary measures. “I learned through the media that I fled the country. They said I was hiding in Mozambique,” he said.