Tuesday marked 10 days before the biggest club football event on the African continent – the Caf Champions League final! South African coaches Arthur Zwane and Pitso Mosimane will face off for the first time when Kaizer Chiefs and the reigning champions Al Ahly meet at the Mohamed V Stadium in Casablanca, Morocco next Saturday. Zwane, who is Stuart Baxter’s assistant, has been in charge of the team since the departure of Gavin Hunt. They are chasing history hoping to win the competition for the first time in Amakhosi’s history. Ahly coach Mosimane is looking at lifting the continental competition for the third time, having won it with Mamelodi Sundowns in 2016 and with the Red Devils last season. “I am South African playing against a team I supported growing up. But at this point in time it is about me, my family and my team,” said Mosimane during the SA Football Journalists Association (Safja) media event on Tuesday. Chiefs defied the odds to reach the final, where they defeated the likes of Simba and Wydad Athletic on their way to the final. Their achievement atones for a disappointing domestic season in the DStv Premiership where they finished in eighth spot with 31 points behind champions Sundowns. Mosimane has labelled Amakhosi as survivors ahead of the titanic clash. “There’s tenacity. You have to give respect. They are survivors, they can live in a desert. Those guys are real soldiers. They get out of trouble like you never thought they would, which makes them special,” said Mosimane. “The rigidness of their midfield, the hard work of Bernard Parker. The element of (Samir) Nurkovic, Leonardo) Castro and (Eric) Mathoho’s set pieces. They do not care if they have the ball or not. They can suffer in a match, no problem. “They suffered against Simba losing 3-0. They survived (to win the quarter-final two-legged match 4-3). They suffered in Morocco, they survived. They suffered a 4-0 loss against Wydad at a neutral venue during group stages, they survived.” Mosimane also gave credit to Zwane, who was in charge when Amakhosi dumped favourites Wydad out in the semi-finals. He stated: “I think Arthur Zwane wanted to give it a go and we should give him respect for that. He has done exceptionally well. And I know how Stuart (Baxter) plays. It suits what they have there.”