Radio and TV presenter Anele Mdoda is set to host a cooking show on Honey TV on Monday, 19 July. The show, called A Woolies Winter Cook-off, will see four personalities competing in the kitchen. There’ll be two teams. Mogau Seshoene, famously known as The Lazy Makoti, will be partnered up with actress and former Our Perfect Wedding host, Kayise Ngqula. While YouTuber, Mpoomy Ledwaba will be teamed up with food stylist, Keletso Motau. The competition is to see who will make the best winter meals. It will have three rounds. “In a race to the best plates, the only goal is to see who can make the most delectable winter meals the Woolies way. The thrilling cook-off is split into three rounds with each team going toe-to-toe for the best dish,” said the channel. “At the end, Anele and a Woolies food expert will rate the plate. The team leaders are tasked with showing viewers how easy it can be to create tasty and convenient meals.” Anele said hosting such a show was on her bucket list. ALSO READ : NEW SEASON, MORE DRAMA! “Food is such a huge passion for me. So to be invited into the culinary world to explore ways to show our loved ones how much we love them, through food, is bucket list stuff,” said Anele. The Lazy Makoti and Keletso said people will see some of the best recipes for winter “The best thing about winter is definitely the food. Think warm curries, decadent sticky puddings, hearty soups and delicious stews. Everything is indulgent and comforting. People can expect lots of delicious food. Easy and quick tips on how to elevate your winter menu and take it from simple to unforgettable. This will be the best winter yet,” said The Lazy Makoti. “I will be showing you how to take some iconic delicious Woolies products and turn them into great meals for every occasion,” said Keletso. On Tuesday 6 July, Anele and The Lazy Makoti will also be hosting a virtual masterclass to help people with cooking winter meals. It will be live on the Honey TV website and the social media pages at 6pm.