MKMVA
spokesperson Carl Niehaus has confirmed that he has temporarily been suspended
by the ANC following his comments outside former president Jacob Zuma’s Nkandla
home at the weekend. Niehaus
said he has received a letter from deputy secretary Jessie Duarte in which she
stated the party’s intention to institute disciplinary action against him and
that he has 14 days to respond on why he should not be suspended. Neihaus in
a television interview with eNCA on Wednesday afternoon maintained that
everything he had done in his support for Zuma was sanctioned by the veterans
association and he will be appealing the suspension. “I have
been suspended by the national executive committee of the African National
Congress with immediate effect pending disciplinary action processes but I am
also advised that in terms of Rule 25.6 A of ANC constitution I may apply to
the national disciplinary committee of appeal to set aside this temporary
suspension which I will do immediately. “I am
actually surprised. I am a member of the ANC for 42 years in good standing. I
have dedicated my whole adult life to the African National Congress. I have
served a prison sentence as a political prisoner for my membership of the ANC
for 10 years. So as you can imagine, I am shocked by this letter and as I have
indicated to you I will immediately appeal,” Niehaus said. He
described the suspension as incorrect and will detail the reasons in his
appeal, saying he was in Nkadla to support for everyone to act peacefully and
within the law. Niehaus
becomes the first individual to be suspended after the ANC following a special
NEC meeting warned it will take action against organizers of a group that has
gathered outside Zuma’s homestead to vowed to put their bodies on the line in
defense of his arrest. Zuma has
been sentenced to 15 months in prison after the Constitutional Court found him
guilty of contempt of court for failing to appear before the State Capture
Inquiry. His deadline expired on Sunday and Police Minister Bheki Cele and the
national commissioner have until midnight to arrest him or face contempt of
court charge.