As the world of sports prepares for the European championships, the Springboks vs British and Irish Lions tour and the Tokyo Olympics games, South African sport lovers and punters will be looking forward to backing their favorite teams and players through the latest addition to the online betting community; Spotonbets Spotonbets is an online betting platform that brings back the fun and excitement into sports betting. This platform aims to take Sport and Games online betting in South Africa to new and unprecedented heights. Spotonbets has an exciting registration bonus up for grabs of up to R3000, register now on www. Spotonbets.co.za for more details on this limited offer. There is more instore for our players, our simple and easy to use platform is available on www.spotonbets.co.za with access via all mobile devices. Spotonbets has a wide variety of BetGames, which include Poker and the Wheel of fortune, available for our players to choose what they enjoy. Launched in 2020 and is backed by a world class platform that is already recognised in different parts of the world. Whether your team is winning or losing, you will not be alone, as we will be there to help you have more fun than your team had, but responsibly. ‘’This is a big sporting year domestically and also on the international front. We want to be a part of that. We aim to get people thinking and talking about Spotonbets first, whether they place a bet, get the latest news or just want to have fun. In the US, the Sports betting industry generated about a Billion Dollars in revenue last year that is expected to grow six fold in the next two years. We believe that we can reach the same heights here in South Africa too. Our players must know that they are able to trust us, while betting responsibly.’ Said Gys Potgieter. The past year has not been kind to sporting fans, with most of us spending our time at home and watching our favorite team take on the rivals without the support of the fans cheering them on at the stadiums. But, if you miss out on live games, you can still keep update to date on your favorite sport’s results or news, by following Spotonbets on our social media pages. Our handle on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram is @SpotonbetsZA For effective communication at their convenience, players can contact us by calling  (+27)010 753 2444 or email support@spotonbets.co.za. Alternatively, they can make use of live chat feature on the website during these hours:  Mon-Fri 06:00 - 21:00 and 08:00 -17:00 on Weekends. Spotonbets has an exciting registration bonus up for grabs of up to R3000, register now on www. Spotonbets.co.za for more details on this limited offer. Get up to R3000 in a deposit bonus when you register and deposit for the first time with https://t.co/sbSeF2CJ7z pic.twitter.com/zrYIEB7ZdE  