THANKS to a good Samaritan, Nokwethemba Vilakazi was carried outside to safety when a fire broke out in her building due to the unrest. The fire stared at one of the shops in the Durban CBD, which is beneath the flat where Nokwethemba lives. The 29-year-old maiden said there have been four fires in the building from Monday, 12 July. “It wasn’t bad on the first three days. But it was bad the fourth time,” said Nokwethemba. She said the flames were aggressive and the smoke was so terrible, she panicked. “I knew my life was in danger because I use the lift to get out of the flat given my condition. But I can’t use the lift in a fire so I pushed myself out of my flat and sat in the wheelchair waiting for the unknown,” she said. Nokwethemba said she felt tears well up when she saw her neighbour Samuel Amani run towards her. He grabbed her from the wheelchair and ran down the stairs with her in his arms. “I became emotional thinking there are still people who would think about the next person who might be in need of help. I’m thankful to him and to the many others who came knocking at my door.” SunHero Samuel (32) said: “I ran out of the flat to save my life, but when I got outside, I immediately inspected the crowd and could tell that Nokwethemba was not there. It clicked that she could still be stuck in the flat.” Samuel said when he and nine other tenants got to the seventh floor, they found Nokwethemba panicking outside her flat. “She shouted joyfully, you’re my saviour Samuel. Nokwethemba kept thanking us for saving her life,” he said. Nokwethemba is now living with her family in Umlazi until the dust settles. “The reason I opted to live in a flat in the CBD was that I had found a job and wanted to be closer to work.” Nokwethemba is looking forward to normal things again. She use to attend the umkhosi womhlanga in Enyokeni Palace. “I look forward to going back when things go back to normal because I pride myself on being a virgin.” Her mum Nomusa, (50) said: “We’re thankful to the people who showed the spirit of ubuntu and saved our child.”