THE mayor of eThekwini, Mxolisi Kaunda, has cautioned members of the public about manipulated video footage that is circulating on social media showing him commenting on the current protests. This comes after a video of him talking about looting and burning down houses belonging to Indian and whites started circulating on Wednesday, 14 July. But Kaunda said some parts of the video footage, which give context to his comments, were removed. “A voice note was circulating on social media that said go and loot shops in malls. That is not me saying it,” he said.  Kaunda has urged law enforcement agencies to trace the origin of the video as it incites violence. “I’ve observed a disturbing trend by some members of the public of deliberately distorting information to fuel racial tension. “This is bad. In this particular instance someone has used five seconds of a 30-minute speech and manipulated it to incite violence,” said Kaunda. He said he was also alerted to a voice note alleging he instructed Phoenix residents to stop safeguarding their property from looters. ALSO READ: MALL OF TEMBISA ON ALERT “This is a deliberate distortion of facts, designed to mislead the community of Phoenix and drive a wedge between the leadership of the city and this community,” he said. He said they met the people of Phoenix on Wednesday and they denounced racism and committed them to easing racial tensions. Speaking in Phoenix yesterday, Cele said he will be visiting different communities around Phoenix to engage with them in trying to curb the racial violence that is brewing in the area. ALSO READ: SANGOMA: AMADLOZI REFUSED LOOTED CASH! “We believe that after the meeting, lives will be better,” said Cele. He said the number of bodies discovered in Phoenix has risen to 20, but it could still grow as there were still some people who are still missing. He said there are plans to recover stolen goods that were looted throughout the province. He said this would be done through a campaign called #khipha i-receipt and if they don’t have a receipts, they will face consequences.