DJ Miggs Foreal has taken his passion for music to new heights. The talented DJ, whose real name’s Eutrice Motsepe, has started a school with the help of the National Development Agency. The music academy is based near Tshwane in his kasi, Ga-Rankuwa. It’s called Foreal House Music Academy and offers courses such as advanced deejaying and music production. DJ Miggs told SunBuzz he felt he had reached a point in his career where he needed to give back. “As much as someone gave me a chance when I started, I need to do the same too. There are lot of talented youngsters out there, but they are not getting the right exposure and necessary training that they deserve. ALSO READ: PEARL IN ANOTHER TWAR! “So, I have been mentoring up-and-coming DJs and most of them are females. We are making sure they are ready for this male-dominated industry and they don’t get exploited.” The DJ said running the school during the peak of the pandemic was not easy. “We have about 69 students at the academy and the course runs for over three months. Managing everything and ensuring that every student is safe and doesn’t contract the virus has not been easy but we are getting the hang of it. “I’m glad I took this leap of faith to start the academy because I have always wanted to be a teacher and pass on my skills and knowledge that I have attained over the years in the industry.” When asked why the amapiano bug has not bit him, the 38-year-old said the genre was too vulgar. “Don’t get me wrong, I don’t have anything against the genre but I wish they could use better language in their songs as most of the youth listen to it. They should try and push positive messages to inspire them to do better and see themselves as something.” Miggs said the lockdown regulations had made his job difficult as there were no gigs, which confined him in studio. “The music school is the only thing that has been keeping me on my feet and it also ignited my love of music again. “This is because while I am teaching these youngsters, I also learn a lot myself as they say learning never stops. It also reminded me why i got into the music business from the start. “So, I have been working on a project for the summer and it is going to blow people away as I have had a lot of time to be creative.”