The looting of Mams Mall may not have only been the work of
residents but also that of organised gangs in Mamelodi. These were the sentiments of Police Minister Bheki Cele, who
visited the gutted mall on Wednesday. Cele was commenting on running gun battles between looters,
the police, and private security at the mall in recent days. Several police officers deployed to the mall, and other
eyewitnesses confirmed to News24 looters were armed and had been firing live
ammunition. Spent bullet casings were also found in the parking lot of
the mall. "Surely, there is nothing like hungry people looting
and getting something to eat. Yes, there were those people who are genuinely
hungry, but when you hear here, people are coming with guns and [there is an]
exchange of firepower with security here," Cele said. "And when the walls that are surrounding this mall are
fixed and the same night is broken in, that sounds to me more like organised
gangsterism and organised gangs that might be beyond what we see people looting
for food. "We know around here in Mamelodi there are individuals,
some of them are arrested, that are [part of] organised gangs. Things call Boko
Haram and all of that. So, they might be hiding behind genuine hunger, genuine
social problems in the community here." He added the police would have to look beyond what was
happening as just looting by individual residents and there was a clear element
of organised criminality in the gutting of Mams Mall. Mamelodi-based police officers previously echoed similar
sentiments, asserting a lot of the looting was done by organised gangs in the
area. Looting spills over into Mamelodi On Tuesday, News24 reported the widespread looting and
destruction of property that had been witnessed in KwaZulu-Natal, Johannesburg
and Ekurhuleni, spilt over into Tshwane. Thousands of looters descended on Mams Mall on Monday night,
outnumbering and overpowering the police and private security. The mall was
gutted during the evening. By Tuesday morning, it resembled a wasteland as shop owners
and employees tried to make sense of what happened. Liquor bottles, clothing and rubber bullets were strewn
across the parking lot. News24 observed that multiple shops were looted, including
liquor, clothing, cellular and tech stores. Banks and ATMs were also broken
into. Several security guards stationed at the mall told News24
that thousands of people looted the centre. One security guard, who asked to remain anonymous, said the
mall was entirely overrun, and that police and private security were
overpowered. "Police were even running away. There was nothing we
could do," he added. Looting attempts continue On Tuesday morning, the mall was guarded by security guards
while a small contingent of police and metro officers patrolled the area. Law enforcement also used rubber bullets to disperse small
groups of people attempting to loot the mall. By Tuesday evening, the situation around it had intensified,
with the police and Tshwane metro officers constantly engaging with looters who
were making their way to it. The police constantly dispersed would-be looters using
rubber bullets, while live rounds would also ring off occasionally. Cele said no one had been killed in the skirmishes around the
mall but that 116 people had already been arrested. SOURCE: NEWS24 