Minister in the presidency Khumbudzo Ntshavheni has announced that President Cyril Ramaphosa will be addressing the nation tonight at 8:30 pm. She said the government views the unrest in the country as economic sabotage. The minister added that the instigators on the unrest have been identified and are being tracked. Minister in the presidency Khumbudzo Ntshavheni was giving an update on the state of the country on the continuous protest in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng. Minister Ntshavheni said the situation in Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal is gradually, but firmly returning to normality since their last update on Thursday. She said the number of instigators, the police are still chasing is 11 but the number could be higher. She announced that an additional six deaths were reported with Gauteng having a total number of 32 deaths, while 137 additional arrests were made. She said this brings the cumulative to 862 in Gauteng. She said: "A community leader in the West Rand has been arrested for instigating the violence." She said the name of the person will only be revealed once he or she appears in court. Ntshavheni said in KZN, there are 1 488 cases that were reported overnight. She said the province has an additional 89 deaths, bringing the cumulative total to 180 fatalities. She said ammunition was recovered in KZN. Some suspects were arrested after they were found with unlicensed firearms. "The two suspects were found with 4 000 rounds of ammunition. Some suspects were found trying to siphon fuel underground tanks at the petroleum service station in Pinetown, Durban." "The recovery of stolen goods is underway and police continue to receive tip-offs," she said. Minister Ntshavheni said the government will not hesitate to arrest those who pursue unlawful actions and hey will face the full might of the law. She further said the N2 and N3 are now reopened and the transportation of key goods, food, medical supplies and fuel has commenced. Ntshavheni assured the public that the protests and the unrest has been dealt with and the chances of re-occurring were slim. She said the SANDF remains in Gauteng's hotspots, however, the force is also deployed in other provinces because they don't want the instigators to take advantage of other provinces. She added that they are working on an immediate plan on ensuring economic recovery. 