THE Confederation of African Football (Caf) has confirmed the dates for the 2021-22 Caf Champions League and Confederation Cup. The draw for both competitions will be conducted on 15 August, and the 2021-22 continental club competitions will start on 10 September with the preliminary round stages. The Champions League was recently won by Egyptian giants Al Ahly for the second year in a row after defeating Kaizer Chiefs 3-0 in Morocco on Saturday. In the second-tier competition, the Confederation Cup, Moroccan side Raja Club Athletic beat Algerian outfit JS Kabylie 2-1 in an entertaining final played in Cotonou, Benin, last Saturday. It means the Moroccan side, by the virtue of winning the Confederation Cup, will feature in the Champions League next season, joining Mamelodi Sundowns and debutants AmaZulu, alongside Tanzanian side Simba SC and Wydad Athletic Club, also of Morocco. Chiefs, who broke plenty of records in their history to reach the final, but finished eighth in the DStv Premiership last term, will not be involved in either Caf competition. However, Amakhosi have the consolation of having earned almost R20 million for reaching the final. Marumo Gallants, who were previously known as Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), will participate in the Confederation Cup after winning the Nedbank Cup last season. They will be joined by Orlando Pirates, who finished third in the Premiership last season. Pirates crashed out in the quarter-finals of this season’s competition losing to winners Raja. AmaZulu, the Premiership runners up, will enter the Champions League in the preliminary rounds. Sundowns, the 2016 winners, will kick-off their Champions League campaign in the first round. Bucs will enter the Confed Cup in the first round, something they did this season. Gallants, who will be coached by Sebastian Migne this season, will enter the Confed Cup in the preliminary rounds. Bids for countries wanting to host the Champions League and Confed Cup will open in November. The two finals will be played between 22-29 May next year.