IT is evident that Baroka FC do not want to lose their best talent! The Limpopo outfit want to hold on to their budding striker Evidence Makgopa. The lanky striker who has been the talk of town since his Bafana Bafana debut against Uganda, where he came from the bench to net a brace in their 3-2 victory, has been linked with a move to Gauteng. Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates are the two teams that have shown great interest in luring the lanky striker. But Baroka coach, Matsemela Thoka, feels like the lad is not yet ready to move to bigger teams, just as yet. “I still need the boy,” charged Thoka. “I need him more to learn and be more mature. I do not think it will be good for him to move. He still needs to learn a lot before he can make a big move.” He said he’s proud of Makgopa for all his achievements, both at club and national team leve. “I think his football is growing, moving forward as you can see now, the big teams are busy, it is all about Makgopa,” said Thoka. However, SunSport has been reliably informed that the Buccaneers have won the race to sign the 21-year-old. An insider told The People’s Paper that Makgopa and Bakgaga have reached an agreement. Said the deep throat: “Goodman Mosele and Makgopa are now Pirates players.” “The two teams reached and agreement, however, Makgopa will remain at Baroka on loan for the 2021-22 season, but he is now a Pirates player.” Baroka chairman Khurishi Mphahlele said that at this moment, they would not be losing any player. However, if anything happens, it will be communicated by the club. Mphahlele stated: “We are not going to lose anybody to other teams. All the players are coming back and I believe we will be more stronger.” The prodigy from GaMampa village near Burgersfort in Limpopo, joined Bakgaga in 2018. In January 2020, he was promoted from the Diski Challenge to the first team to help the club escape relegation. Currently, the lanky striker is with the Under-23 final camp in Mpumalanga, preparing for the upcoming Olympic Games.