THE past two years have not been kind to boxer Marcus “King Labamba” Lebogo. He has been starved of action and as a result, has found it extremely tough to put food on the table for his family. The Covid-19 enforced lockdown has not been helpful either, putting more strain and making the situation more difficult for Lebogo. For many boxers, including Lebogo, boxing is their only source of income and they need to fight as often as possible to make a living. But some boxers end up falling into the trap of doing crime when they are starved of action in the ring and need to support their families. That, however, has never crossed Lebogo’s mind and he insists that his mental strength is the reason why he has not gone down that path. “When you’ve got a vision, drive and determination as well as a strong mindset, you’ll never make crime an option,” said Lebogo. “I’m not the type of person who looks for the easy way out. I always try to be responsible and be an example for my kids. They need to learn from me as their parent.” Lebogo has set his sights on the SA junior welterweight title currently held by Prince Dlomo. “That’s who I want to fight next,” said Lebogo. “I need to get my hands on that title, then the rest will follow.” His recent fight was against Xolani Mgidi last month during the “Night of Honour and Passion”, which he won on majority points at the TLB Promotions tournament. It was his first fight since 2019 when he lost to Xolani “Tiger” Mcotheli in Mdantsane. Lebogo, whose skills are honed by Damien Durandt, the son of the late legendary boxing trainer Nick, is hoping for more consistent action. “I was delighted to finally be back in the ring after a lengthy spell outside the ring,” Lebogo added. “Things have been tough. I mean, to think of my kids Nalane, Mohau and Tshegofatso struggling really broke my heart. “It was tough looking at my kids without food, struggling to provide for my family. It’s the toughest thing to go through. “As a man, this really hits hard. I mean, some of us rely on boxing to survive and put food on the table. “No boxing, no life. It was tough and I just hope that things get better going forward because some of us really can’t survive without boxing.”