FORMER president Jacob Zuma is locked in a closed meeting with the ANC KZN leadership at his home in Nkandla, northern KZN. Zuma was found guilty of contempt of court and sentenced to 15 months in jail by the Constitutional Court. KZN chairman Sihle Zikalala, secretary Mdumiseni Ntuli and regional chairman Musa Dladla are in the meeting with Zuma to discuss the way forward after his sentencing on Tuesday, 29 June. Yesterday, the ANC postponed its NEC meeting that was scheduled to take place from Saturday to allow its NEC members to work with the provincial leadership to ensure the maintenance of law in the Zuma saga. Zuma has until Sunday, 4 July to hand himself over to police to start his 15 months sentence.   It doesn’t seem like he’s going to hand himself over as according to his foundation’s tweet on Friday, 2 July, he has filed an urgent application in the Pietermaritzburg High Court to interdict Minister of Police Bheki Cele from effecting his arrest. While Zuma is in the meeting with the KZN ANC leadership, his supporters, MKMVA and amabutho are marching outside his home. They’ve vowed to defend him. The police arrived to warn them to comply with Covid-19 regulation but they refused. Zuma’s son Edward Zuma told Daily Sun that he can’t block people from defending his father. “Everyone is welcome to come and defend my father and no one will arrest him. They must arrest me first before they can arrest my father. We will see Covid-19 regulation when this saga is over but Zuma will be not arrested,” he said.    Today, amabutho are led by Zulu nation commander in general Mgilija Nhleko, who told Daily Sun that they are there to defend Zuma. “Zulu people are showing solidarity to support former president Jacob Zuma. We are here to support and defend one of our own,” he said. MKMVA Nkandla base commander Mfanafuthi Gumede told Daily Sun that they know they are walking in the shadow of death by defending Zuma. “We have already went to the shadow of death but we will continue to defend Zuma,” he said.