Al Ahly coach Pitso Mosimane has not lost respect for Kaizer Chiefs.The former Mamelodi Sundown mentor might have outfoxed his compatriots in the final played in Morocco but he still thinks highly of their achievement this season.Mosimane’s Red Devils romped to a 3-0 win at the Mohammed V Stadium, thanks to goals from Mohamed Sherif, Mohamed Afsha, and Amr El Solia in the second half.It was Ahly’s second consecutive Champions League title and their tenth overall, extending their record in the process.Mosimane now has three titles to his name.The Kagiso-born mentor is now the most successful African coach in the tournament’s history.He is one title away from equaling Manuel Jose, who claimed four titles with Ahly in the early 2000s."You cannot blame Kaizer Chiefs over the score or result,” said Mosimane.“Of course, because they got a red card that gave us an opportunity, but even before the red card, the tactics were the same, everything came out expected, we didn't change our tactics and they didn't change theirs. Why should they if they reached the CAF Champions League final?"You can criticise them but they've reached the final, so for those who have better tactics, why are they not in the final? So, let's be humble and respect each other teams and the way they play – it's not for me to criticize because we won."Mosimane admitted Amakhosi did not come with anything he was not expecting."The surprise was probably coach [Stuart] Baxter on the bench if I'm not mistaken or maybe Khama [Billiat] coming on, I kept looking for the surprise. My analyst was intensive in scouting Kaizer Chiefs even their pictures [on social media]."In their training sessions, the players who were wearing the [dark green] bibs, we know those were going to start, so I knew the starting line-up because we are professionals, we are hawks.“And the game came out as expected to be honest because what's good is that both teams stuck to their principles, which showed maturity.” The former Mamelodi Sundown mentor might have outfoxed his compatriots in the final played in Morocco but he still thinks highly of their achievement this season. Mosimane’s Red Devils romped to a 3-0 win at the Mohammed V Stadium, thanks to goals from Mohamed Sherif, Mohamed Afsha, and Amr El Solia in the second half. It was Ahly’s second consecutive Champions League title and their tenth overall, extending their record in the process. Mosimane now has three titles to his name. The Kagiso-born mentor is now the most successful African coach in the tournament’s history. He is one title away from equaling Manuel Jose, who claimed four titles with Ahly in the early 2000s. "You cannot blame Kaizer Chiefs over the score or result,” said Mosimane. “Of course, because they got a red card that gave us an opportunity, but even before the red card, the tactics were the same, everything came out expected, we didn't change our tactics and they didn't change theirs. Why should they if they reached the CAF Champions League final? "You can criticise them but they've reached the final, so for those who have better tactics, why are they not in the final? So, let's be humble and respect each other teams and the way they play – it's not for me to criticize because we won." Mosimane admitted Amakhosi did not come with anything he was not expecting. "The surprise was probably coach [Stuart] Baxter on the bench if I'm not mistaken or maybe Khama [Billiat] coming on, I kept looking for the surprise. My analyst was intensive in scouting Kaizer Chiefs even their pictures [on social media]. "In their training sessions, the players who were wearing the [dark green] bibs, we know those were going to start, so I knew the starting line-up because we are professionals, we are hawks. “And the game came out as expected to be honest because what's good is that both teams stuck to their principles, which showed maturity.”