GAVIN Hunt has jumped from the frying pan straight into an open fire. The former Kaizer Chiefs mentor has agreed on a deal with trigger-happy boss Siviwe “Chippa” Mpengesi to join Chippa United as their new “manager”. Hunt, who had a torrid time in his last job at Chiefs, will be looking to redeem himself in Gqeberha with the Chilli Boys. He replaces Lehlohonolo Seema, who left the Chilli Boys after he helped save the team’s top-flight status in the promotion play-offs last month. Seema has since joined Golden Arrows. Hunt becomes the 25th different coach to take charge of the Chilli Boys in the last nine years. Mpengesi, who is notorious for prematurely wielding the axe, has made a total of 34 appointments during that time with some coaches having more than two stints. Hunt is not oblivious to the trigger-happy nature of his new boss, but believes he can bring stability to the club. “Chippa United have a chequered history with a lot of coaches coming and going. That’s why people can look at this move and be surprised, but I saw it as a project,” said Hunt. “I don’t have an ego. People will see it this way and that way. They will say ‘you’re going to Chippa?’ “I’m not like that, I’m really looking forward to the project. “We had a long discussion about things but the most important thing has to be to get the team competitive. “We have to get the team to be a little bit more stable and obviously challenging for silverware.” Mpengesi is delighted to have lured a coach of Hunt’s quality to Gqeberha and he is hoping that he can replicate the success he had at SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits. Hunt has won four league titles, three with SuperSport and one with Wits. “He’s coming here to do more than just coach Chippa United,” said Mpengesi. “He is here to assist the people of the Eastern Cape. That’s why we say he is a manager, not just a coach. “He needs no introduction. He is one of the top mentors. I thank him for accepting to come here. “He understood the vision when I spoke to him. He is going to make a big difference and we are going to support him. We want our identity to change this season.”