GOSPEL singer Tebello Sukwene has thanked Joyous Celebration co-founders Dr Lindelani Mkhize and Jabu Hlongwane for shaping her into the musician she is. The former Joyous Celebration singer, who recently released her EP My Journey, took to Instagram to share the reasons behind her project. She thanked Lindelani and Jabu, who co-founded the group with Mthunzi Namba, as well as God. Tebello wrote: “I did these songs to appreciate Jabu for affording me the opportunity to work with him and Joyous Celebration. I also thank him for writing such amazing songs, which were not only beautiful but meaningful, classical and suitable for my voice. “I can never forget what you have done for me.” ALSO READ : ACTOR HELPS TV AND FILM STUDENTS She went on to thank Lindelani, relaying a story about the song Wangisindisa, in which she led Joyous Celebration 16 in 2012. “I did Wangisindisa particularly to thank Lindelani for throwing me in the deep end and leaving me to swim. By God’s grace, while we were rehearsing and there was no lead for this song, I fell in love with it. I wrote a verse thinking I was just fooling around, only to find out it would be given to me on the day of recording. I had never rehearsed it with the choir before, so I was in panic mode. I was given two verses to sing, and I negotiated to add my own. By God’s mercy, Mthunzi gave me permission, since he wrote the song.” Thanking Lindelani, she said: “I want to say thank you Lindelani for teaching me courage, and allowing me the opportunity to grow. Ngiyabonga.” The singer also thanked fans for supporting her from when she was still singing back-up for Simphiwe Dana, to when she joined Joyous Celebration and then went solo. “If there’s anything I am sure of, it’s that you played a huge role in sustaining my career by buying my music. Your positive comments, cheering me on when I worked on anything – you gave me the courage to do it again and again,” said Tebello. A post shared by T?°e?°b?°e?°l?°l?°o?° (@tebellosukwene)  A post shared by T?°e?°b?°e?°l?°l?°o?° (@tebellosukwene)  A post shared by T?°e?°b?°e?°l?°l?°o?° (@tebellosukwene) 