ATLANTIS police are investigating an attempted murder case after Cata chairman in Atlantis was shot in the chest and legs. Captain FC Van Wyk said on Tuesday, 20 July at Manga Street in Witsand Atlantis a 42-year-old man was shot and injured. “According to reports, the victim got out of his house to start the vehicle when unknown males shot at him. He ran into the house,” said Van Wyk. He said the victim sustained gunshots wounds to his chest and both legs. “He was transported to a nearby hospital for medical treatment and the unknown suspects fled the scene and are yet to be arrested.” Van Wyk said the motive could be taxi violence-related. Additional uniformed officers have been deployed to bring stability to a volatile situation in the area. Anyone with any information about this shooting incident is kindly requested to contact CrimeStop on 08600 10111. There has been a lot of other incidents since the taxi war started a week ago. Yesterday, a Golden Arrow Bus driver was shot in the mouth. He was transporting passengers when he was attacked by unknown suspects. Golden Arrow spokesman John Dammert said the bus driver was wounded in the shooting incident that occurred on the N2. Warrant Officer Joseph Swartbooi said a bus driver sustained injuries to his mouth. “The victim was transported to a nearby hospital for medical treatment,” said Swartbooi. In another taxi violence-related incident, Langa police are investigating a case of attempted murder. “Reports indicate that unknown men fired gunshots from Langa taxi rank at the vehicle. Two males aged 45 and 55 have since been arrested and detained. Once charged they will appear in the Bishop Lavis Magistrates Court on the mentioned charges,” said Swartbooi. Ndithini Tyhido from the Cape Metro Development Council representing more than 25 development forums calls on Cata and Codeta to silence their guns for the sake of the people’s lives and children. “As a structure, we firmly believe that only hired guns benefit from the ongoing mayhem and violence. Genuine taxi operators and business people can only benefit from a taxi business run in an environment of peace and stability,” said Tyhido. He also called on all employers and employer representatives organisations to talk to their members to stop their predatory harassment of workers to come to work, even when they are unable to due to the ongoing taxi violence. He said they are giving these two taxi associations till Friday, 23rd July at 2pm to denounce all acts of violence and commit themselves to a mutually beneficial and genuinely negotiated settlement of whatever dispute they may have or face 90-days full-on taxi boycott.