A girl of just 24 flaunted to 'jealous' haters how she was able to splash out on her 'dream' car and five-bedroom house in the countryside thanks to earning R700 thousand a month selling 'glamour model' snaps on Only Fans. Morgan Doyne, from Barnsley, Yorkshire in England, only launched her Only Fans account 18 months ago after seeing other girls she knew make good money on it - but has since raked in more than R7 million. The racy content creator has bought a 800K Ford Mustang and moved into her impressive R10 million five-bedroom four-bathroom detached house a week ago, after paying a whopping 50% deposit of almost R5 million. Despite facing abuse online for making money by posting topless and lingerie snaps, the former chemistry and forensics student is 'proud of herself' for what she's achieved and refuses to let trolls hold her back. Instead, she routinely hits back at them online and deliberately rubbed her success in the trolls' faces by sharing a video of herself proudly showing off her giant house with her Mustang on the driveway and rolling hills all around.  Morgan said: "I saw a girl I went to school with making some money from it and decided to give it a try. "I never expected to make as much as I do but it took off so well that it's become my full time job. "The first month I had no idea how to do it and I only made just over R1.4 thousand but by three months in I was earning R140 thousand a month and now it's a steady R700 thousand a month. "My content is just like glamour modelling, topless or in lingerie - I won't post anything without my pants on. "It's so nice to not have to work for anyone because I've had some horrible bosses in the past and it means I can work when I want from home. "I feel really lucky to be able to afford my dream house at this age and really proud of myself as well. "I lived in the countryside with my parents and then moved to the city for a bit and never thought I'd be able to afford to have my own place in the countryside, especially not in such a nice area." After posting about her financial success and milestone purchases on social media Morgan has received abuse online for profiting off racy photos of herself. But with the support of her family, friends and subscribers she doesn't let the 'jealous' trolls get to her and instead takes them on in the comment sections. She says this interaction on her posts only drives more traffic to her Only Fans account and helps keep her profile busy and profitable. Morgan said: "My friends didn't care at all when I told them and my mum was just shocked at how much money you can make on it but they're all really supportive. "It's usually men online that seem to have something to say and give me abuse. I don't know why they get so mad about it." "They say 'what are you going to tell your kids when you have them and they grow up'. "Some get really competitive and say 'I earn more than you, I have a degree, I went to university for my career'. "But it's funny really because the more comments I get the more attention my profile gets and the more people go to my Only Fans so they're just helping me make more money." The novice turned Only Fans star now employs two marketers to manage the promotion of her account on social media and the app itself to keep her subscribers and income high. She works on her page 'seven days a week from morning until night' shooting and uploading content and messaging subscribers back.  This hard work has paid off, allowing Morgan to purchase her 'dream' home with five bedrooms, four bathrooms, a double drive and garage. She also splashed out on a brand new R500 thousand Volkswagen T-Cross R-Line as her first car as well as a R800 thousand Ford Mustang 5.0 V8 GT just for the weekends. She's now working on installing a home gym in her garage to pursue a second career as a PT after successfully mentoring clients through an online program in lockdown. Morgan said: "I'm planning on turning the four extra bedrooms into a spare room, dressing room, office and a room to shoot content in with good lighting. "I'm going to have a home gym in the garage as well so I can take on clients to PT from home and have that career take off too. "My Volkswagen is an automatic and it's my everyday car and my Mustang is a fast, five litre manual, which I like to drive on nice days and at the weekends. "I've not been to many places this year because of lockdown but I'm hoping to go on some road trips in it now everywhere is starting to open up."