LIMPOPO Artists Movement’s chairman Mphoza Mashabela could find himself in hot water. This comes after a recording of him allegedly bragging and telling someone how he’s planning to blow the movement’s money surfaced on social media platforms. In the recording, Mphoza can be heard in a car while driving telling someone that people from Polokwane are taking chances. “We are only left with Premier Stanley Mathabatha and if we can have both of them, then it is over. And that will be our time that we start chowing money,” said Mphoza. “They want to fund the movement and that won’t happen. So, I want to bring you in so we can chow the money together,” he said. A source from the movement told Daily Sun they were disappointed about Mphoza’s behaviour and that it was time for him to step down. “It surprises us that someone from the Waterberg District Municipality can be awarded a tender in the Capricorn District Municipality whereas we have many people who can render the same services.” The source said it is now clear the man has been benefiting from the movement for a long time now. “This is disgusting and this man should excuse himself from the movement,” said the source. Democratic Artist Movement party leader Julia Aphane said the party was disappointed and appalled by Mphoza’s recording which was doing the rounds. “As a party, we condemn such behaviours because it is been long that the industry has been abandoned by our government,” said Aphane. She said the matter was going to be investigated and promised to march to the offices of the Capricorn District Municipality mayor and the premier. The People’s Paper also contacted LAM board members, but none of them wanted to comment. Mphoza said he has done nothing wrong and he doesn’t know why everyone was on his case. “I have been experiencing this kind of treatment from the public since my divorce with my wife and I cannot tell why all this happens to me,” said Mphoza. He said he believed some of the treatment has been politically motivated. “I cannot say much about the recording. The public is trying to destroy my name, but everything is in my attorney’s hands,” he said.