SUSPENDED MKMVA spokesman Carl Niehaus is behind bars for possibly violating lockdown regulations at the Escourt Correctional Facility in KZN. Niehaus, a staunch supporter of jailed former president Jacob Zuma, was taken away by police while being interviewed by a television crew. This was taking place outside the prison where Zuma has begun serving his 15 months sentence after handing him himself to authorities minutes before he was arrested by police. Niehaus had tweeted earlier on Thursday that members of the disbanded MKMVA would gather outside the prison in solidarity with Zuma. There has so far not been any official statement from the police explaining his arrest or why only him was taken away and not the whole members who had gathered. But police have been warning against a gathering of masses since the veterans association started gathering outside Zuma’s Nkandla homestead. Carl Niehaus being arrested is good. It will wake up those who think we are imagining this dictatorship. #ZumaArrested#CarlArrested pic.twitter.com/My6rtUpvhz  Niehaus has been tweeting since Wednesday after Zuma handed over at some point saying he had spoken to Zuma before he left to hand himself over. "Today, together with other comrades, we will gather at the Escort Prison at 14:00 to pay our respects to and to register our protest at Nxamalala’s unjust imprisonment," he tweeted in the morning. Niehaus has remained loyal to Zuma even after warnings by the ANC which, this week suspended him for inflammatory remarks he made outside the Nkandla homestead. Suspended ANC member Carl Niehaus has been arrested outside the Estcourt prison where #JacobZuma is being held. He was addressing supporters when police moved in to break up the illegal gathering. #eNCA pic.twitter.com/vwqTZUEevd  Even after Zuma is said to have the decision to hand himself over, Niehaus refused to accept. "Before he left for prison. He was strong as usual. This is heartbreaking. I am heartbroken and very angry I will never forgive those who have allowed this to happen," he tweeted on Wednesday night. He has defended his presence in Nkandla saying he has always told those who gathered to act peacefully and within the law. Outside Estcourt prison, Niehaus could be seen being led away by a handful of police officers. While some of his comrades could be heard complaining about nature, Niehaus offered no resistance or said anything as he was led to the car, he got in and the car drove off. Spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo said police arrested the
prominent person for allegedly breaking Lockdown Regulations. He said members of the South African Police Service in
Escourt in KwaZulu-Natal arrested a prominent political figure for allegedly
breaking the Lockdown Regulations. "The 61-year-old man is alleged to have convened a
gathering of approximately 100 people outside the Escourt prison at about 4 pm
this afternoon," he said. Naidoo said the Disaster Management Act Regulations clearly
outlines gatherings are prohibited, except for funerals where not more than 50
people are allowed to attend, "The suspect was initially warned about the gathering
and he was subsequently arrested after ignoring the warning. He is currently in
police custody likely to face charges in terms of the DMA Regulations" he
said. Naidoo said this arrest should be a warning to potential
law-breakers that contravention of the Lockdown Regulations especially amidst
the ever-increasing Covid-19 virus will not be tolerated. 