AMAZULU president, Sandile Zungu, is excited that his club has officially been confirmed as Mzansi’s second participant in the Caf Champions League next season. Usuthu, who finished second in the DStv Premiership last season, weren’t assured of the place in next season’s premier club competition as Kaizer Chiefs could have taken their slot had they beaten Al Ahly in Saturday night’s Champions League final played in Morocco. However, Chiefs were defeated 3-0 by the Egyptian giants, who are coached by former Mamelodi Sundowns mentor Pitso Mosimane. Had Amakhosi won, then they, as defending champions, would have qualified for the Champions League, and AmaZulu would have been relegated to the Caf Confederation Cup as the Confederation of African (Caf) rules state only two sides per country may enter the Champions League. Usuthu will now join Mamelodi Sundowns, the Premiership winners, in the Champions League next term. “Another man’s trash is another man’s treasure,” said Zungu in Durban yesterday where he and his team dedicated their 67 minutes for Nelson Mandela Day. “We woke up today (on Sunday) as the Usuthu football family and were assured that we’ll be playing in Africa next season. We are not going to Africa to play in the Confederation Cup, but we are going to play in the Champions League. “I want you all to be excited about that, for the first time ever, the club will be participating in the Caf premier club competition next season.” Due to their low Caf ranking, AmaZulu will have to start their African journey in the preliminary round stages. The higher Caf ranked Sundowns, who won the Champions League in 2016 and lost to the defending champions Ahly in the quarter-final this season, will enter in the first round just like they did in this year’s competition. Zungu said they will show the country and the continent that they will beat Mosimane’s side if they have to face them during next season’s Champions League. “Maybe we’ll face Al Ahly and those who are supporting Kaizer Chiefs, we are promising them that we’ll take revenge on their behalf,” said Zungu. “Kaizer Chiefs football family must trust and believe in Usuthu.”