Minister of State Security Ayanda Dlodlo and Minister of
Police Bheki Cele are at odds over whether the police were provided with
intelligence reports about the unrest that rocked KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng
last week. This, after Cele rejected Dlodlo's earlier claims that the
State Security Agency (SSA) gave intelligence reports on the unrest to the
police, when he addressed a meeting of the Joint Standing Committee on Defence
and the Portfolio Committee on Police during their oversight visit to
Chatsworth, Durban on Tuesday. When asked why police failed to act on intelligence it
received, Cele told MPs that he did not sign for any intelligence report from
the SSA. "It is you, the minister, who would have given the
product to me. The minister of SSA could not give the product direct to the
other DG. It would have come to me, and I would have given it to the national
commissioner. I want to repeat here that I have never seen that product,"
he said. He also said that Crime Intelligence would not have dealt
with crimes against the state. He said Crime Intelligence dealt with cash-in-transit heists
and house break-ins. Dlodlo told News24 on Tuesday that intelligence products
were always shared with relevant structures, not people. "Intelligence is shared with the police and other
structures all the time." At the daily media briefing on the unrest on Tuesday, acting
Minister in the Presidency Khumbudzo Ntshavheni also said intelligence reports
were shared. Ntshavheni said: There is coordination in the security cluster in terms of
intelligence gathering, led by State Security, and that work continues, and the
sharing of information continues. That's why the response has been effective. Cele and Dlodlo contradicting each other on the intelligence
report isn't the only instance of discord in the security cluster. On Sunday, Defence and Military Veterans Minister Nosiviwe
Mapisa-Nqakula contradicted President Cyril Ramaphosa by saying the unrest was
not part of a failed insurrection. She had since backtracked from this
statement. DA MP and spokesperson on police Andrew Whitfield said the
situation about the intelligence report was "completely
unacceptable". "It is unacceptable if it is true, and it is
unacceptable if it is untrue," Whitfield told News24 on Tuesday afternoon. He said Cele explained the process in detail and stated
unequivocally that he never received an intelligence report and said the
National Police Commissioner Khehla Sitole also said he never received an
intelligence report. "It means SAPS is completely in the dark," said
Whitfield. Whitfield's concern was that the police would also be in the
dark on future threats. He said he hoped Sitole had access to some
intelligence. Whitfield said it was an "unmitigated crisis" that
there was discord among ministers in the security cluster, which suggested that
politics were at play. "It appears the greatest threat is not outside Cabinet;
it's inside Cabinet," he said. FF Plus leader Pieter Groenewald also expressed his concern
and said Ramaphosa must get to the bottom of which one of his ministers was
lying. He said if critical intelligence wasn't handled correctly,
it would have disastrous consequences, as seen last week in KwaZulu-Natal. On the discord between the ministers in the security
cluster, he said his view was that Ramaphosa should take decisive action
against errant ministers. The minister who wasn't speaking the truth about the
intelligence report should be fired. He said: How can your defence minister contradict you? She should be
fired. Ntshavheni said there would be consequences for ministers
who "continue to breach the protocols" in communicating on the
unrest. "We have impressed on the colleagues that they must
stick to the line and this hour is not the time to venture their own opinions,
but we must communicate that which we all knew has happened and we must admit
that there have been lessons that have to be learnt. We have learnt the
lessons, and we have corrected them. It is not time for us to be going and
throwing mud against each other and saying this has happened, this has not
happened, and whatever. "But we all know the truth among ourselves, we all know
what had to be done to recover ourselves. We all accepted that we were not
necessarily ready when this thing happened, and we have recovered, and we must
focus on that. And also, including our briefings that we do to the portfolio
committees - which we must to account for our work - is not time for us to venture
to our own opinions. We must stick to the facts at hand," she said. "The ministers are aware of their role, and those who
continue to breach the protocols will have to face the consequences of that
breach of protocols as said by both Cabinet and also the security
council." A joint statement from the co-chairpersons of the Joint
Standing Committee on Defence, Cyril Xaba and Mamagase Nchabeleng, and
Portfolio Committee on Police chairperson Tina Joemat-Pettersson, didn't make
any mention of Cele's claim that the police didn't receive an intelligence
report. However, the statement said the following: "The
committees call for the strengthening of the Crime Intelligence community and
better coordination between different segments of the intelligence apparatus,
which is central to the prevention of crime. The lapses in intelligence are
unacceptable and must be rectified urgently." SOURCE: NEWS24 