IN a new twist of the saga between the PSL and Royal AM, Shauwn Mkhize’s club say they will not be intimidated by the league for pressing charges against them for failing to pitch for their scheduled play-off matches. The club confirmed yesterday they received a charge sheet from the league’s prosecutor Nande Becker, but they are taking the matter to the courts, as they believe they have been treated unfairly. The defiant Royal AM refused to play in any of the four relegation/promotion play-offs matches, as they are still in the process of appealing their demotion from position one in the final GladAfrica Championship log to runners up. They have applied to the Joburg High Court to force the league to enforce Judge Nyathi’s order, which barred the play-offs until Royal AM’s appeal case is finalised. Indications are that the league and Royal AM’s legal gurus have interpreted Judge Nyathi’s order differently, which caused the delay that threatens the start of the new season. However, the PSL wanted the order set aside, as they argued the 2020-21 season programme must end before 1 July because most of the players’ contract expire on the 30 June, and they have to go on a break after the condensed season. But Royal AM argued the league was in contempt of the court’s order when they allowed the play-offs to continue, and they (Royal AM) went as far as recommending to the judiciaries to arrest PSL acting CEO Mato Madlala for breach of a court order. Royal AM chief executive, Sinky Mnisi, told SunSport yesterday that the PSL is exercising its jurisdiction to charge them because they are following their rules, but they don’t feel threatened. “We are more than ready to deal the PSL charge and we’ll respond to it,” said Mnisi. “All of us agreed for this matter to be finalised. We must go through the processes of the court. “The sooner the matter is dealt with the better. But this is a very serious matter because already the court has declared that the PSL has breached the constitutional law of the country. This is not an ordinary matter.” Mnisi said they have a court date on Tuesday to force the league to declare them as the 2020-21 Championship champions. “They were in contempt of court’s order by allowing play-offs to go on. Ask yourself, if Sekhukhune United are the champions, why have they not been given a trophy and the winners’ medals?” While everything is in the hands of the courts, Becker said he’s still charging Royal AM for their no-show, as the order granted by Nyathi AJ to interdict the play-offs was suspended as a result of the filing by the league of an application for leave to appeal the order. Royal AM will face the PSL prosecutor next Saturday, and Becker remains hopeful that he will see the case closed. “If the play-offs had to go beyond June, then we’ll have to re-register a whole bunch of players and we are talking of an administrative nightmare as far that is concerned,” said Becker. “From the league’s point of view, everything has been done by the book and hopefully we can finalise this matter by 17 July.”