"Today I saw the streets bear the scars of the looting and mayhem." This was said by President Cyril Ramaphosa, describing what he saw this morning in KwaZulu-Natal after a long week of unrest. Ramaphosa was briefing the nation on the update on the unrest in Gauteng and KZN. He detailed the damage of the week's unrests, stating that, 212 lives have been lost, 131 cases of murder are being investigated, NATJOINTS recorded 118 incidents of violence, looting in Gauteng, KZN which led to over 2 000 people being arrested, billions of rands in property damage and 161 malls, 11 warehouses, eight factories damaged. He admitted that the law enforcement and the government were ill-prepared when the unrest began. "We were poorly prepared. We did not have the capabilities and plan in place to face this decisively," he said. Ramaphosa confirmed that security forces are on the ground to secure strategic routes including the N2 and N3 to allow for the transportation of essential goods. "There is no shortage of food and supplies in most parts of the country. "There is no need to panic buy, it will only worsen the situation," he said. Speaking on the so-called instigators, Ramaphosa made it clear that they will find those who orchestrated the riots and will face the might of the law. "We will spare no efforts to bring perpetrators to book," he said. He said specialised units are working around the clock to investigate instigators. He said they have been identified and will be held to account. He described the unrest and riots as a failed attempt because of their security forces and the determination of South Africans to defend the democracy. "While calm has been restored, the threat remains real," he said. He urged people to guard against vigilantism or anything that will stoke the flames further. He said 10 000 South African National Defence Force members were already on the ground to restore order. President Ramaphosa said the unrest in parts of Mzansi has destroyed businesses and will lead to further job losses. He said: "Ultimately, it will deepen poverty and cause even greater hardship for millions of South Africans." He said Social Development and Sassa will use their remaining budgets for relief efforts, prioritising affected areas. "We will help small businesses to rebuild their businesses," he said. He reiterated there is no need at this point to declare a national state of disaster, despite growing calls.