FORMER Gagasi FM radio presenter DJ Sanele “Fabulous” Ndwalane is spreading his wings in the entertainment industry by healing people with his music. Fabulous, who presents a drive show on the Durban-based community radio station Intokozo FM, has released his debut single titled Thoko. The 34-year-old from Mtwalume, southern KZN, told SunBuzz that the aim of the song was to encourage lovers to resolve their issues if something was wrong in their relationship. “The message of this song is inspired by a couple that falls in love and gets crazy because their relationship is still new. “But when it gets older, one partner suddenly changes, leaving the other one wondering if it’s because of cheating. “I want lovers to be strong enough to confront each other and take decisions about their relationships,” he said. Fabulous believes that his song can also play a big role in stopping gender-based violence because many incidents happen in the name of love. “My song falls under Afro-house music. I’m currently working on my debut EP, and then I’ll drop the album,” he said. “Growing up, I loved singing so much that I was a member of different choirs in my rural home. “When I started working for commercial radio Gagasi FM, I met many top artists who inspired me to do my own music,” he said. ASLO READ | BONISWA IS LEAVING SCANDAL Fabulous made his name when he won the Vodacom Battle of the DJs competition on Gagasi FM in 2009. He then he went on to work for the Durban-based commercial radio station Gagasi from 2009 to 2011. In 2018, he joined Intokozo FM, and now he’s wish is to work for commercial or SABC radio stations. “I started radio presenting in 2001 while working for Love Life radio, and I never looked back. “It’s my biggest wish to work on a commercial radio station again or for SABC radio stations. I believe my experience allows me to work there,” he said. “My radio presenting talents made me win Vodacom Battle of the DJs, defeating many radio DJs across KwaZulu-Natal.” His song Thoko is available on all digital platforms.