ACTRESS Pebetsi Matlaila will be returning to Skeem Saam following a break to give birth to her daughter. Pebetsi, who plays Mokgadi Matloga, took a break from the soapiein March when she left her marital home and divorced on-screen husband Leeto, played by Eric Macheru. She told Daily Sun that she was happy to be back after last working in January. “It feels great to be reconnecting with Mokgadi again. When you spend some time playing a character, it becomes your friend. Coming back feels like linking up with an old friend,” she said. The actress said she knew people had a lot of questions about Mokgadi because of the way she left. “When we last saw her, she was leaving her marital home and divorcing Leeto while her son, Noah (Austin Mothapo), was sent to juvenile prison. So we want to know if she’s really going through with the divorce and if Noah is coming back. Is his gogo Mary (Motshabi Tyelele) going to make his life comfortable in there or take him out of prison because she’s well-connected? Those are some of the things people can expect from Mokgadi,” she said. ALSO READ : DURBAN GEN LOSING ANOTHER BIG ACTOR? Pebetsi said she spent the past few months taking care of her newborn daughter. “My baby girl was born in April, and I was fortunate enough to be there and watch the weekly and monthly milestones. I’m happy I did that, but I would not say being at home is something you enjoy.” She said that staying at home wasn’t fun for her, but she was able to work on herself. “I’m pretty sure people who enjoy staying at home are the ones currently working from home. But I decided to use the time to work on my studies. I’m studying education at Unisa and also started some business endeavours. “In the past few months, I realised that one cannot depend on one source of income. It’s quite vital for us to create multiple streams of income because this pandemic has resulted in a lot of unemployment. I would advise people to find multiple streams of income,” said Pebetsi. Mokgadi will return to the small screens later this month. A post shared by PEBETSI NOLO MATLAILA (@pebetsimatlaila) 