KAIZER Chiefs duo Nkosingiphile Ngcobo and Reeve Frosler will be hoping to put the disappointment of losing the Caf Champions League final behind them when they join the South African Olympic team in Tokyo. The pair will be part of the SA Under-23 national team that will do battle at the games that were rescheduled to this year due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. David Notoane’s side, which landed in Tokyo a couple of days ago, are preparing for their opening game against the hosts Japan at the Tokyo Stadium on Thursday (1pm). They will be without three members of the team in players Thabiso Monyane and Kamohelo Mahlatsi as well as video analyst Mario Masha, who produced a positive result in the latest round of daily Covi-19 testing. The trio is currently in isolation at the Tokyo 2020 isolation facility. The arrival of Frosler and Ngcobo might just be slightly too late for the opening game against Japan but they will be available for selection against France and Mexico. The Chiefs duo will be desperate to bounce back from their heartbreaking 3-0 defeat in the Champions League final at the hands of Egyptian giants Al Ahly a few days ago. They both started the match but Ngcobo was unfortunate to have been sacrificed at halftime after teammate Happy Mashiane received a straight red card in the first half. “It was a great experience to play in the final of the Champions League,” said Ngcobo. “I am grateful for that experience. I hope I can take the lessons into the Olympics and help the team win games. I’m looking forward to playing in the Olympics and improve my game. I’m very happy. It’s a great opportunity and I will make sure that I work very hard to help the team." His teammate, Frosler, is also desperate to showcase his skills in one of the biggest stages. “It’s a good feeling and another achievement for me in my career,” said Frosler. “It’s an opportunity for me to showcase my talent at the highest stage with my country. I’m very excited about that. “I’m going there with a lot of lessons learnt in the Champions League final. I’m still disappointed about the results but we move and we keep getting better. I take the experience to the Olympics and hope to do better there.”