KAIZER Chiefs are back on the transfer market. The first day of July 2021 marked the end of the ban that prevented Amakhosi from signing new players for two consecutive window periods. And the Soweto giants have wasted little time, bolstering their squad with at least seven new players ahead of the upcoming season. Brandon Peterson, Sifiso Hlanti, Phathutshedzo Nange, Njabulo Ngcobo, Sibusiso Mabiliso and Kgaogelo Sekgota will don the famous Gold and Black colours of the Phefeni Glamour Boys in the upcoming season. In addition, Chiefs have decided to retain one of the club’s brightest Youth Development Academy graduates, midfielder Given Thibedi who is back following a loan spell with Swallows FC. Thibedi, now 23, will vie with former youth teammates Nkosingiphile Ngcobo and Njabulo Blom for spots in the Amakhosi midfield. He will wear jersey #13 with his contract running until June 2023. "Peterson (26) is a goalkeeper who last played for now-sold Wits University FC over a season ago. He spent the last campaign training with Amakhosi and familiarising himself with set-up in Naturena. The Capetonian will wear jersey #16 and has signed a three-year contract," the club said in a statement. "Along with Peterson and Nange, 31-year-old defender Sifiso Hlanti played for Wits two seasons ago. He joined Swallows FC, where he spent one season. The 24-cap Bafana Bafana left-back now joins Amakhosi with substantial PSL experience. He has played for a number of teams and earning a league championship title with Wits. Hlanti has been handed jersey #23 and will be with Amakhosi until June 2023. "Another left-back comes in the form of Mabiliso (22), who joins Chiefs from AmaZulu FC. The Rustenburg-born player will wear jersey #26. The youngster has been selected in the 20-mansquad that will participate in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics later this month. "Nange (29) hails from Thohoyandou and spent the last season with Stellenbosch FC in the Western Cape. He had a stellar season that saw him score a number of crucial goals to win key matches with Stellies. The box-to-box midfielder has signed a two-year contract and will carry#24 on his back at Amakhosi. "Chiefs have also signed PSL Defender-of-the-season nominee Njabulo Ngcobo (27) on a three-year deal from fellow Soweto giants, Swallows FC. The Mthwalume-born player (South of KwaZulu Natal) will wear jersey #27. Ngcobo will be accompanied by another of Swallows’ exciting players from last season, Seshego-born Kgaogelo Sekgota (24). The winger nicknamed Kigi had an outstanding season with the Dube Birds and will join Chiefs for three years until June 2024 He has been handed jersey #14."