Actress Candice Modiselle has taken to social media to address issues faced by people in the entertainment industry, especially in film and TV. The Jiva! actress had an Instagram live session on Wednesday, 30 June, where she pleaded with audiences to be kinder to artists because they go through a lot. Candice said she wanted to address pressing matters that she felt needed to he spoken about. “I want to speak about how actors go broke, things like that. How do actors not get the support they deserve? How do storytellers and writers go broke?” she said as she started her video. Candice said the entertainment industry didn’t get the support it needed. She also said people didn’t support South African films but still criticised them. Candice said the conversation she had was triggered by what she had seen on Twitter. She said she was unsettled after the saw comments by people a tweeted by her Jiva! co-star, Sne Mbatha. “She posted a video from our show, excited, within all and every reason. But what had drawn me in is not the initial tweet she posted. I came across the quoted tweet which had brought in a lot of engagement. And then I read the rest of the quoted tweets and I was in awe,” said Candice. ALSO READ : KELLY KHUMALO: GOVERNMENT OLDIES MUST STEP DOWN! “I was just shocked at the level of disrespect that people have for artists in South Africa and for a young artist who is celebrating a breakthrough for herself. How people are able to take someone’s breakthrough moment and ridicule it all in the name of criticising South African work.” Candice said she realised people didn’t know how to engage properly “We, as South African audiences, don’t know how to engage – criticism verses hate. If only you knew the lengths, breaths and depths of insecurity and the general fights that artists go through to just breakthrough, get cast, get a job, be booked and be working,” said Candice. “I am gutted people have normalised hating our work so much, hating what we have to offer so much.” The actress spoke about the finances in the TV and film industry. “We don’t get residuals. That show can be repeated for as many times. It could be sent all around the world and be bought for R5 million but we as actors are not protected.” In the lengthy video, Candice said South African productions depended on the support of audiences and without it, they barely generated income. She said that was how actors, storytellers and writers went broke.  A post shared by Candice Modiselle (@candicemodiselle) 