English singer-songwriter James Blake had South Africans excited on Wednesday night, 30 June, when he hosted a special concert. James had an Instagram live session for almost an hour where he sang his songs and covers, especially for his Mzansi fans He performed his famous cover of Frank Ocean’s Godspeed and a cover of Ray Charles’ Georgia On My Mind. All this started on Sunday, 27 June, when President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the country would be moving to level 4. Twitter user Zoddies tweeted and said she needs a James Blake Instagram live. “We’re gonna need one or two James Blake IG lives. I wonder if he cares about us,” she wrote. Another tweep, Thobeka Dywili also asked James Blake for the Instagram live. ALSO READ : LINDIWE DIKANA DEALS WITH NYAKALLO! “@jamesblake we’re under heavy lockdown and need your voice to comfort us. Now more than ever,” she wrote. James responded and set a day and time for Wednesday at 8pm. “I’m available Wednesday if that works?” he asked “IG Live Wednesday 12pm PST / 3pm EST / 8pm BST. Special to my fans in South Africa currently in another lockdown. I see you!! X,” he wrote in another tweet. The special concert had people happy and he was trending number one on Twitter. His South African fans were happy on his Instagram, thanking him for the special concert. “James Blake is the only person who cares about South Africans. Our own government doesn’t care like him,” wrote Nuhaa on Twitter. “Will I ever stop talking about that live? James Blake is a talent. A very kind talent,” wrote Sembikengok. “I believe in James Blake more than I believe in myself,” wrote actress Candice Modiselle. @jamesblake we're under heavy lockdown and need your voice to comfort us. Now more than ever?? https://t.co/mZaSVDhmqZ I’m available Wednesday if that works? https://t.co/MhvZK3XGY4 James Blake is the only person who care about South Africans. Our own government doesn’t care like him  I believe in James Blake more than I believe in myself. ???? Will I ever stop talking about that live? James Blake is a talent. A very kind talent pic.twitter.com/S4Wn1p62tX James Blake is the only white man the whole nation will tapdance for James Blake is actually an angel and you can’t convince me otherwise  Will I ever stop talking about that live? James Blake is a talent. A very kind talent pic.twitter.com/S4Wn1p62tX 