KAIZER Chiefs coach Stuart Baxter has finally got his work permit. Baxter confirmed that he would be on the bench for the first time since re-joining the club when they face Al Ahly in the Caf Champions League final on Saturday night, at Mohamed V Stadium in Morocco (9pm, SA time). Baxter returned to Naturena for his second stint in early June but has not been in charge of the team as he was waiting for his work permit. On Friday, during the Caf Champions League virtual press conference, the 67-year-old confirmed that he would be leading the club when they face Pitso Mosimane's charges. "I have been working with the club for few weeks, this will be my first game on the bench, it is special," Baxter revealed. "In the interim I was doing whatever I could. I had a work permit but it was with Safa. So I was allowed to work in SA but not officially because of all the paperwork." Chiefs surprised the masses when they went all the way to reach the continental competition final. They went against all odds, including a two-year Fifa ban from signing players, injuries, and Covid-19 to make history. Now it remains to be seen that they will be able to stop Ahly, who are eyeing their 10th champions league title. Baxter admitted they had been a surprise package in the tournament, and it will be seen on Saturday if they still have one more surprise. He stated: "We've had a lot of challenges but the players have managed and surprised everybody, do we have one more surprise left in us? We will see on the night." Baxter will be taking over from interim coaches Arthur Zwane and Dillon Sheppard  who led the team past Wydad Atheltic in a two legged semi-final and also helped them finish in the top eight in the DStv Premiership. When asked if he had been given any mandate to try to win the Champions League by the club management Baxter stated: "We are all aware of the situation at the club in terms of where we stood in the PSL‚ and how long we had travelled in the Champions League. But I think once I’d agreed to come back to the club it was just a question of‚ let’s get you on the bench as quickly as we can." Chiefs last won a title back in May 2015 under Stuart Baxter, now it remains to be seen if he will be able to end the trophy drought at Naturena by bringing the continental title.