AL AHLY coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane might be familiar with Kaizer Chiefs but he has no idea what to expect when he leads his Red Devils into battle against the Soweto giants in the Caf Champions League final in Morocco on 17 July. The former Mamelodi Sundowns mentor has admitted that he has very little to no idea as to which Chiefs to expect in the final. Mosimane has described the Glamour Boys as unpredictable, especially this season given their contrasting domestic and continental form. Amakhosi were well below their usual standard in domestic football this season, finishing eighth in the DStv Premiership. They also suffered early knockouts from the two domestic cup competitions – the MTN8 and the Nedbank Cup. The inconsistency eventually led to the demise of coach Gavin Hunt, who was given his marching orders with two league matches remaining. The pair of assistants – Arthur Zwane and Dillon Sheppard – have steadied the ship while new coach Stuart Baxter awaits his work permit. “I knew Chiefs when I was in South Africa, but I do not know that much about them this season because they changed the coach and removed him to bring in another coach,” said Mosimane. “In the domestic league, they did not play very well. “Normally, they are always second, third, or fourth behind Mamelodi Sundowns. It’s like Al Ahly and Zamalek here in Egypt. “They are a good team but this season in the league, they were in 12th position at some stage. You must not look at their performance in the league, you must focus on their journey in the Champions League because it is not easy to reach the final.” Baxter and Mosimane, who spent eight and a half years as Downs’ coach, are no stranger having battled on numerous occasions in the PSL. But Mosimane insists this will count for nothing when they meet this time around. “You never know with them. They can play a very good game and sometimes they do not show the same performance,” added Mosimane. “They lost 4-0 to Wydad at a neutral venue and then they went to face Wydad in Morocco and won. They defeated Simba 4-0 at home but lost 3-0 in Tanzania. “You must not try to make sense out of it, just focus on the game. Their best games were in the Champions League not in the domestic league, so we will focus on their games in the Champions League.”