LABELLING former president Jacob Zuma’s application for a postponement of his trial as a delaying tactic is uncalled for. That was the argument by his legal team during a virtual hearing at the Pietermaritzburg High Court on Monday, 19 July. Zuma wanted his trial to be postponed for at least three weeks so he can physically attend proceedings. Advocate Dali Mpofu, who is leading Zuma’s legal team, said presiding judge Piet Koen suggested in an email to both parties they should give oral evidence on the application for prosecutor Advocate Billy Downer to recuse himself. But Koen corrected Mpofu, saying the matter might be postponed, not that it will be postponed, to which Mpofu said he was happy. Mpofu said the state’s argument that this was another delaying tactic by Zuma was unfair. Due to unrest in KZN, a directive was issued that all court proceedings should be postponed for at least three weeks. This led to this hearing being held virtually. Mpofu submitted that they hadn’t had enough time to consult with Zuma on the recusal matter, due to him being in jail. He said Zuma, who attended the hearing from Escourt Correctional Centre in a blue suit and red tie, was in attendance to hear the postponement matter, not the recusal. Arguing for the state, Advocate Wim Trengrove argued there was no need for oral evidence in the recusal matter and implored the judge to make a ruling so the matter can proceed. But if the judge didn’t rule in the state’s favour, then they would have to come for oral arguments on another day. Trengrove argued the virtual hearing was not only lawful, but satisfied constitutional requirements of fairness. “It is not only the limitation which is justified. There is no limitation to start off with because it is a fair public hearing and no less fair and less public than it would have been in a courtroom” He said the legal team had been granted unlimited access to Zuma in prison for consultations telephonically or through visits. Advocate Thabani Masuku, part of Zuma’s legal team, said the virtual platform would deny Zuma the luxury of sitting with his lawyers or getting a sense of direction the case was taking and consulting his lawyers. Masuku argued the state had not convinced the court on how the postponement would harm its case. He said the argument that Zuma employed delaying tactics for over 15 years was not true, but rather how the NPA handled the case over the years. “One must ask whether the NPA’s conduct in opposing this postponement intended to frustrate the new hearing because we are already in trial. The state is already prosecuting Mr Zuma, he has already pleaded to the judges.” Koen will deliver judgment on the application on Tuesday, 20 July.