The Nelson
Mandela Bay region has officially been declared the first area to be hit by the
third wave of Covid-19 in the Eastern Cape. This was
revealed by Health MEC Nomakhosazana Meth to the media in Mthatha on Tuesday. The Bay
region has been challenging for authorities, with the bulk (2 728) of the
province's 4 769 active cases recorded there. As of 4
July, the Eastern Cape has recorded 209 462 confirmed coronavirus cases and
lost 11 937 people to the deadly virus. Meth has
rung the alarm bells over the situation in Nelson Mandela Bay. She said:
"This is a big concern because we are slowly seeing signs of a virus that
is fast running away from us as it was the case in the first and second wave in
that region." "Nelson
Mandela Bay Metro has now been declared as the first region to be hit by the
third wave of the coronavirus. What we are seeing in the metro is exactly what
happened during the first and second waves where the region was declared a
Covid-19 hotspot. "This
is very concerning as it seems our people in that region continue doing the
same thing over and over again leading to an unacceptably high number of
cases," Meth added. Regions Scientists
had also detected the Delta variant in two regions - Nelson Mandela Bay Metro
and Sarah Baartman, she said. She added
that the Delta variant was the most infectious of all the variants of concern. “The
symptoms are not that different to the previous variants, but most common are
headache, sore throat, runny nose, sneezing and fever," said Meth. She added
that the variant also presented a new challenge for the health sector as it had
led to a higher rate of hospitalisation among those infected. She said
this would undoubtedly put excessive pressure on health resources. "But
just like we beat the first two waves, we are confident that we will beat the
third wave as well," said Meth. Sarah
Baartman, Buffalo City Metro, Chris Hani, Amathole and Joe Gqabi were other
problematic regions with a high rate of active cases, while Afred Nzo remained
the only region with fewer than 100 active cases at the moment, said Meth. Meth
confirmed Premier Oscar Mabuyane's announcement that a rapid response team with
expertise in clinical care, coordination, logistics and infection prevention
control had been deployed to Nelson Mandela Bay and Sarah Baartman as promised
by him last month. She said:
"This team is supported by experts from National Department of Health and
other provincial departments. This team is working with local stakeholders,
including municipalities, academic institutions and social partners to
fast-track the response to the increasing Covid-19 cases and also implement
mitigating strategies that will stop the further spread of the virus." SOURCE:
NEWS24 