Over 70 people have been killed since violence erupted in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng, many of these deaths relate to stampedes. In a statement, the NatJOINTS said the total number of people arrested rose to 1 234 while the number of fatalities is now at 72. In KwaZulu-Natal, 27 cases have been recorded of which 14 are murder and 13 are inquest dockets. In Gauteng, 19 murder cases are being investigated and 26 inquests. "The greater part of the inquest dockets relate to stampedes that occurred during incidents of looting of shops and malls. While other deaths and injuries were related to ATM explosions and shooting," the statement reads. NatJOINTS said the recent deployment of the military and the augmentation of law enforcement officers by the recalling of South African Police Service from leave and rest days, has led to more law enforcement visibility on the ground to police elements of criminality. The number of arrests in both KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng has risen to 1 234. "Since an instruction was issued by the NatJOINTS to other provinces that have not been affected, to operationalise their prevention operational plans, there has been a report from Mpumalanga of an incident of looting and destruction of property in the Matsulu policing precinct with one person in custody. There has also been a report of two incidents in the Northern Cape, Galeshewe where one person has been arrested." Ekurhuleni Metro Police Department officer, Meshack Mahlangu is among the people killed during the violence in Gauteng. He was responding to a looting incident at Katlehong at the time of his death. The NatJOINTS has also sent condolences to Mahlangu's family and wished the injured saps members a speedy recovery. "The SAPS, Defence and SSA as co-chairpersons of the NatJOINTS have condemned the attacks on law enforcement officers which have now resulted in the death of an officer from Ekurhuleni Metro Police Department, while seven SAPS members are recovering from injuries sustained while responding to violent protests." Meanwhile, on Monday, 12 July, two on-duty Reservists Constables were bust with alleged looted goods estimated at the value of R90 000 "It is further alleged that the two suspects were found off-loading suspected stolen property from a state vehicle." "In response to reports of armed community members retaliating against protesters, the NatJOINTS has emphasised and reminded the public that although persons are entitled to protect their property and lives, the right to life is protected in the Constitution; and can only be infringed in extremely limited circumstances, in order to, inter alia, protect the life or bodily integrity of the defender.