BAFANA Bafana doctor Tshepo Molobi has confirmed two cases in the team currently preparing for the Cosafa Cup. The tournament is scheduled to commence on Tuesday, 6 July, with Bafana facing Botswana. “The entire team tested on 1 July. We got the results with two positive cases, one being a player and one official,” the team Doctor Molobi said. “ And so we then started the process of quarantine for the two positive cases, then there’s an issue of a close contact of one player who is also isolating. The three affected individual are asymptomatic, they are doing well. With the close contact player we will monitor the symptoms if there are any between now and day-6, day-7 we will repeat the test pending on what the coaches decides the player will then be re-introduced into the squad.” When asked if the players who tested positive will also travel with the squad to Gqeberha or they will be left behind, the doctor said: “I suspect that would be the approach (they will remain behind as the team leave) because we are looking at the timeline. Day one for them in quarantine will start today (Friday) that would literally mean they di-isoliate around 11 July or so. With the tournament concluding on the 18 July you then have very little time for the player to be re-introduce because post the isolation we will need to do a second round of testing to confirm that it is still in the system.” He continued: “With regards to sports, it is not easy to re-introduce back the player without proper monitoring. The demands on a body for an athlete post-infection is quite high and so we wouldn’t want to compromise any player. There’s a barrage of testing we do post isolation to ensure the individual is fir to return.” As to how many tests the team will do, Molobi said the compliance officers of the tournament would confirm that. “At the moment we have done two tests already, there’s still needs to be a discussion with the compliance officers of the tournament as to how many rounds of tests will be done,” Molobi said.