A VISIT to Nelson Mandela’s old kasi in Vilakazi Street, Orlando West, ahead of his birthday found the street rather empty and dull. Due to Covid-19 level 4 regulations, the vibrant tourist attraction was strangely quiet and the preparations for Madiba’s birthday celebration were not as hyped up as in previous years. But those who lived close to the former president said they were looking forward to celebrating memories they have created with him. Neighbours, colleagues and friends told the People’s Paper about the memories they shared with him. Shadrack Motau (76), a very close friend of Madiba who lives seven houses down from Tata’s house, told his personal story about the day Mandela was released.  “As an activist involved with the comrades, I was introduced to Mandela during the days of apartheid. When Mandela was released, I was very close to the family, especially Winnie and Makgatho, the son. I was asked to do a walkabout with the old man to the last house in the kasi. I was taking pictures of the community while he entered house after house, greeting his neighbours.” Shadrack described Tata as a loving person who advocated peace and freedom. “He went to other political parties and preached real democracy. He was sincere, polite and never got angry with anyone. He wanted to see people free from oppression. He spent his first night after his release in Cape Town at Bishop Tutu’s house. He then went to Richard Maponya’s house in Hyde Park. When he finally came home on the third day, the mood the kasi was bubbling with joy.” The video was published by EminOfficial.  Shadrack said Mandela would have been disappointed with the looting in the country. “The youth of 1976 contributed to the struggle in a protest for all the arrested politicians to be released. They were principled. They didn’t burn or loot anything. The damage done here will see many people losing their jobs.”  Gogo Johanna Khoza (81), the widow of Solomon Khoza, shared the stories her husband used to share with her. “My husband worked closely with Mandela and he used to tell me all the good, bad and ugly stories. He is even in many of Madiba’s pictures especially on the day Madiba was released,” she said.  “Mandela always fought for the truth and he fought for unity. He wanted people to live as one and be a rainbow nation.” Talking about the current looting and damage to property, she said Mandela is turning in his grave.“He was eager to fight for freedom and democracy. This is not what he fought for.”