AMAZULU coach Benni McCarthy has challenged Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates to raise their game next season and give Mamelodi Sundowns and Usuthu a run for their money. The two sides – arguably the biggest in Mzansi – did not live up to their lofty standards last season as they failed to challenge for the DStv Premiership title. Sundowns continued their dominance as they clinched their fourth straight league title and fourth in a row while McCarthy’s Usuthu came out of nowhere to finish as runners up. McCarthy, who turned things around when he took over the reins at the KwaZulu Natal outfit, insists that the league needs a strong Chiefs and Pirates to strive. The 43-year-old former Cape Town City mentor is hoping that the Soweto giants pull up their socks and contribute towards making the upcoming campaign one of the most exciting and fiercely contested. “Both of these giants did not have the best of seasons by their standards,” said McCarthy in a virtual press conference looking ahead to the upcoming Carling Black Label Cup meeting between Chiefs and Pirates. The pre-season curtain-raiser, set to take place at the Orlando Stadium on 1 August, will be a good opportunity to see how far both sides are in terms of readiness for the upcoming season, according to McCarthy. “The Carling Black Label Cup will give us an idea of where these teams are as far as challenging Mamelodi Sundowns and my AmaZulu team for the top honours next season,” added McCarthy. “I hope that it will be a fantastic spectacle because for our football in South Africa to strive we need a strong Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates. They have to be at the top of their game. “These two clubs provide the competition, the atmosphere and the glamour. We need these two teams to get up there with Sundowns and AmaZulu for our league to take huge strides in the right direction. I hope both teams get it right and they give us a challenge next season.” McCarthy has been keeping a close eye on Amakhosi, who seem to be keen to turn things around next season after enduring a challenging campaign on the domestic front. “Chiefs have gone out all guns blazing ahead of the new season,” noted McCarthy. “They are buying everyone under the sun. They want to make up for the season that they had. The misfortune they suffered last season. They were restricted by the transfer ban. They brought in coach Gavin Hunt and it was a complete disaster but they have managed to turn things around.” 