“A SIMPLE man of passion, gentle soul and a visionary.” These were the words used to describe the late Steve Kekana during his funeral service at his home village in Zebediela, Limpopo, on Thursday 8 July. The mood was sombre as mourners gathered at his home to pay their last respects. Legendary musicians Sipho “Hotstix” Mabuse and Joe Nina were part of the mourners. The 62-year-old Take Your Love hitmaker died in hospital last week after a short illness. Kekana was also described as a loving, selfless man who loved his family. Kekana is survived by his wife and eight children. His family said though the country has lost a music giant, they have lost a kind person with a gentle soul. The singer’s brother, Solomon Kekana, said the family was devastated but remain hopeful that his love will remain with them forever. ALSO READ: AIN’T NO SUCH THING, SAY ZOLA’S FRIENDS “Kekana was a great pillar and has brought the community together. He would perform for free at community events and that proves the remarkable person he was.” Limpopo Premier Stan Mathabatha said the whole province is saddened by Kekana’s death. He said it was really sad that the Covid-19 regulations has robbed them of an opportunity to celebrate the life and times of Kekana. “I can commit that, in good time our provincial government, through the Department of Sport, Art and Culture, will find a better way of honouring the life of ntate Steve Kekana. We will definitely immortalise the name of Kekana because there is none better deserving of such an honour.” Mathabatha said Limpopo had a reason to feel proud to have produced such a quality entertainer who was admired by many people. “It is very easy for people living with disabilities to resign to a life of self-pity and simply not push beyond their circumstances, but that was not Steve Kekana. For someone who experienced blindness at the age of five, his achievements are monumental,” he said. ALSO READ: FUNERAL SERVICE FOR THE LATE STEVE KEKANA UNDERWAY “If there is anything young people can learn from the life and times of Kekana, is the fact that he used education as the foundation of everything he desired,” he said. The singer’s friend and colleague in the music industry, Babsy Mlangeni, said he was still struggling to come to terms with the Kekana’s death. The legend said growing up, people used to believe that blind people had nothing to offer but he and Kekana proved them wrong by making their music careers successful. He said Steve even proved further that anything is possible by completing his law degree. Chairman of Limpopo Artist Movement, Mphoza Mashabela used the funeral service to ask the premier to name one of the community halls after the late singer to keep his memory alive. Mashabela also lashed out at radio stations, saying they only played artists’ music once they were dead. “We are watching you. So, please play our music while we’re still alive. He said artists must be honoured while they’re still alive so they can support their families.