RETURN the club’s training kit or no clearance! That was the ultimatum defender Thivhavhudzi Ndou claims to have received from his former club Black Leopards after his contract expired at the end of last month. But Leopards boss, Tshifhiwa Thidiela, laughed off his claims saying that Ndou has not even approached them that he needs his clearance, just yet. According to Thidiela, be what it may, the club has a policy too to reclaim all the equipments that belong to them, and it’s something that all players know. “Yes, he must return all the equipment with him that belongs to the club,” explained Thidiela. “But it’s funny that he has not asked for a clearance from us – I don’t know about it. In fact, we are the ones who released him from his contract four months ago. “And we have been paying him all his monthly salaries without fail, despite having being released. He’s contract has not expired. We were actually helping him find a club.” The 30-year-old Ndou is a free agent and has already been linked with a number of Premiership clubs, as well as Championship outfit Venda Football Academy (VFA). Ndou spent seven years at Leopards, who were relegated to the GladAfrica Championship at the end of the season. But said Ndou: “I have been told to return the club’s training kit if I am to get my clearance. I don’t have a problem giving them back their clothes. I will return them before the end of this week as I don’t want problems. “It was my dream to play in the DStv Premiership and I am thankful to Leopards for helping me realise that dream. But in life, there is time to move on. I am a free agent and I felt it’s time for a new challenge in my football career. “I am hoping to know in the coming days where I will be playing. I have had heard about VFA, but they have not contacted me. So I cannot comment on that.” He added: “But I wouldn’t have a problem playing in the Championship. I have played in the Championship before with Leopards and I know what it takes to fight for promotion.” There are also talks that Sekhukhune United could sign the experienced defender. The Venda-born Ndou is not the only senior player who will be leaving Leopards as there have been rumours that they have already parted ways with the likes of Edwin Gyimah, Mohammed Anas, Jonas Mendez and Ovidy Karuru.