IT HAPPENED so quickly. Thabo was just a pedestrian when he witnessed a disaster in the making. And when he realised he was on his own, he knew he had to act – and do it there and then. WITH HIS HEART IN HIS MOUTH THABO PLUNGED INTO THE DARK TUNNEL TO SAVE THE CHILD! Thabo Moloi (46) from the Tshwane CBD said he was walking in the street on Monday afternoon when he saw a young boy running out of the way of a speeding taxi. But then, to his horror, he saw the boy disappearing into a sewerage hole that was supposed to be covered “My instincts as a father kicked in,” he said. “I ran to the hole and saw a scared boy inside the deep dark hole. He was screaming for help.” He said he wanted to climb into the hole, but then he thought he should call the municipality. “They would have the right equipment to help him.” But Thabo called several times and got no answer. He knew he had to act.  “I couldn’t wait any longer. The boy was terrified. I had to jump in and help him,” he said “As I got to him I checked that he wasn’t hurt. It made it easier to take him out.” He said as he was carrying him, the boy became brave. “He stopped shaking and showed no fear,” said Thabo. Witness Deejay Maseko (32) agreed that everything happened so fast. He said he works at a creche nearby and they always feared that one day a child would fall into the hole. “This is dangerous. It needs to be attended to.” He said the hole has been open for more than two years.  The boy’s mother (30) said she was shocked when she heard about the incident. “I’m happy and grateful that the brave man was there to help my child. “We are lucky my son is not injured,” she said. “But I’m still not happy. This can happen to another child. This thing is not safe and there are many kids in the area.” She said they’ve been trying to call the municipality, but the phone rang unanswered. City of Tshwane’s acting Chief of Staff Jordan Griffiths said the matter has been referred to their regional teams who will move to ensure that a new cover is installed. “The city faces issues where the covers are stolen for scrap metal. “We have to replace them with concrete,” he said.