BAFANA Bafana caretaker coach, Morena Ramoreboli, is delighted to have a full squad leading up to their penultimate group match in the Cosafa Cup. Bafana will face Lesotho’s Likuena in their third match of the competition set to take place at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium this afternoon (3pm). Ramoreboli’s charges need to beat Lesotho to seal qualification for the knockout stages. They are currently second in Group A behind Eswatini, who have played a game more. The former Bloemfontein Celtic assistant coach is confident that his side will get the job done against Lesotho and reclaim top spot. He is encouraged by the addition of Lebohang Maboe, Victor Letsoalo and Vusi Sibiya to the team. The arrival of assistant coach Vela Khumalo and goalkeeper coach Thembalethu Moses was another welcome boost for the team. “It really adds a lot of confidence to the team,” said Ramoreboli. “We know that we have the resources we need and if we remain focused, then we can go through to the next round. “We need to be fully focused in the next game because it is a game that we have to win to qualify for the knockout stages. You can see it in the eyes of these boys that they really want this. They give every opponent they face respect, but the unfortunate part for them is that we are on a mission and we need to win. We must ensure that we punish whoever we come up against.” Ramoreboli, who has previously worked in Lesotho, is aware of the threat they pose to his side. He would have seen many of the Lesotho players during his spell with Lioli FC in Lesotho Premier League. “It’s going to be another difficult game.” said the former Maluti FET College coach. “It won’t be easy to face Lesotho. “I have worked there and I know every player. “They will try to come here and prove a point. “It will be a very competitive game, but I’m happy that we have all the players we requested. “We have prepared well. We wanted to improve certain aspects of our game and the Lesotho game will give us a clear indication of where we are at the moment.”