SUSPENDED ANC secretary general Ace Magashule’s political career hangs in the balance after his bid to have his suspension overturned was dismissed with costs by the South Gauteng Hugh Court. The court’s decision on Friday, 9 July thereby lays a fertile ground for the party to expel him as he continues to violate suspension restrictions. The party this week said it will investigate Magashule after he addressed former president Jacob Zuma supporters outside his Nkandla homestead last weekend. Magashule was dealt a crashing blow by the unanimous brutal judgment of the full bench of the court, which ruled that his suspension by the party’s national executive committee was law, valid and constitutional according to its constitution, which it maintained was consistent with that of the country. Magashule lost on all accounts including the challenge of the step-aside rule, which the party used to suspend after he refused to voluntarily vacate his position as he has been criminally charged. He also lost on the challenge of deputy secretary Jessie Duarte’s power and authority to suspend him. The court also dismissed his application to have the court validate the suspension of President Cyril Ramaphosa by him until it is nullified. The judgment, read by Judge Jody Kollapen, ruled that the party had the right to regulate its members and in suspending Magashule the party did not violate his rights under the constitution of the party and country and the move was precautionary and not punitive as claimed by Magashule. Kollapen further said contrary to Magashule’s claim that he was not given an opportunity to state his case and that an innocent until proven guilty should have been applied, Magashule was given ample opportunity and the innocent till proven guilty only applied to criminal cases and not civil matters. “The question of a hearing, in the context of a suspension, entails whether Mr Magashule was given information underlying the reasons for the proposed suspension and whether he was afforded an opportunity to make representations as to why he should not be suspended. “In considering the facts and circumstances of this case, it is clear that Mr Magashule was indeed afforded a hearing before he was suspended. He participated in all the processes relating to the development, formulation, and adoption of the resolutions of the 54th National Conference regarding this matter, including the resolutions of the NEC that resulted in the formulation of the guidelines on the implementation of the step-aside principle,” Kollapen said reading from the judgment. The judges also disagreed with his argument that the NEC amended the step-aside rule, saying the resolution was formulated as broad and left room for the NEC to formulate guidelines to implement it. It rejected his argument that the rule was repurposed. “It seems clear that the 54th National Conference adopted a principle but did not formulate the procedures or guidelines. It left it to the NEC to give substance to the principle and implement it by the adoption of appropriate rules.What the guidelines do, is to introduce two distinct procedures to deal with the implementation of the four resolutions. For those who have been indicted, formal investigations have already been conducted by the NPA, and a decision made to proffer formal charges against them. The allegations against them at this stage are elevated to the level of formal criminal proceedings before a court,” said Kollapen. He said it then stood that Magashule’s application to overturn his suspension be dismissed with costs.