The best sportsmen and women in the world thrive on the big stage. The condition of the pitch/court enables them to perform at their peak. When it comes to sex, the same notion applies. The condition where the sex takes place is important in achieving the ultimate orgasm. According to sexologists, the comfort and the durability of one’s bed is vital to a couple’s sex life. According to the Sleep Foundation publication, these are top five best beds to have sex in: 1. Loom and Leaf Mattress While all foam mattresses don’t often make the list of the top choices for sex, the Loom and Leaf offers a welcome exception. This memory foam mattress from the makers of the Saatva achieves a desirable level of contouring without hampering a vibrant sex life. It costs between R12 000 to R35000. 2. DreamCloud Mattress The DreamCloud offers proof that a mattress can utilise memory foam and still be a top choice for sex. With a straightforward hybrid design, this mattress has broad appeal that is enhanced by its competitive price point and customer-friendly sleep trial. The prices range from R1 500 to R19 000. 3. Saatva Classic Mattress Coils are known for providing bounce that facilitates sex, and the Saatva doubles down with its unique coil-on-coil design. In using two layers of springs, the flagship Saatva mattress provides top-end responsiveness and above-average pressure relief. Expect to pay between R1 200 to R32 000. 4. Helix Midnight Helix specialises in hybrid mattresses that offer a responsive feel that is suitable for sex. The Helix Midnight is one of the most popular models thanks to its updated style of memory foam and medium firm feel. It costs between R900 and R11 000. 5. WinkBed Innerspring mattresses are known for their sex-supporting bounce but can lack pressure relief. To resolve this, the WinkBed utilises a clever design with dual-coil construction and a specialty pillow top to offer sleepers a balanced feel that’s excellent for sex and sleep. The prices range from R11 000 to R16 000.