FORMER president Jacob Zuma’s supporters have brought KZN to a standstill. They have blocked all the national roads with sand trucks, cars, burning tyres, stones and trees as they are calling for the release of Zuma, who handed himself over to Escourt Correctional Centre on Wednesday, 7 July a few minutes before midnight. It alleged that the protests are getting more violent as the protesters are stoning cars and petrol-bombing those who are using the roads. Member of Radical Economic Transformation Nkosenhle Shezi who is a strong supporter of Zuma said he is calling on more people to practise their democratic right. “We vowed to stand with Msholozi even when things get tougher and that’s what we are doing. We are calling even other provinces to join the march so that the pressure to release Zuma will mount,” said Nkosenhle. Guys it’s getting hectic. If you’re on the N2 towards Richards Bay Empangeni area, be vigilant and stay safe. #KZNShutdown pic.twitter.com/ASKasm21Kk  He said they can’t afford to go another day with the current leadership that doesn’t care about people. “The time for big English and cars is over. The people have spoken,” he said. #Kznshutdown#FreeJacobZuma Mgababa https://t.co/0Wi2d8tYkb pic.twitter.com/J1E7nY08fC  Another strong Zuma supporter, Ntando Khuzwayo, said he doesn’t know the people behind the marches but he believes people have had enough of the mistreatment of the former president. Beki Cele knows the police do not have the capacity to stop the shutdown.. Asina valo#KZNShutDown#FreeJacobZuma#ActuallyAutistic https://t.co/rcNsz6gM7G  “We are firmly standing on the call to release Msholozi who was not even awarded a fair trial. Zuma is not in prison for crime but he is prison for not going to the commission,” said Ntando. “We will die where he dies and we will go wherever he goes.” The protests are active across the province. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that
there is protest action in the King Cetshwayo District, the N2 road is closed
due to protesters burning tyres and trucks blocking the road. She said there has been a deployment of Police to the Nkandla
area. "Within Durban there are currently only service
delivery protests in the Umzinyathi, Nquthu and Ntuzuma areas. There have been
no arrests report yet," said Mbele.  