AT LEAST 10 people were killed in a stampede in Meadowlands, Soweto. On Tuesday, 13 July, Gauteng Premier David Makhura, along with provincial Community Safety MEC Faith Mazibuko, conducted a walk-about in several malls including Chris Hani in Ekurhuleni and Ndofaya in Soweto. Makhura said 10 people were killed during a stampede while looting at Ndofaya on Monday, bringing the death toll to 19 in the province. Makhura expressed concern with the township economy and loss of lives. He said there should not be political justification on the violence, which had engulfed most parts of the province. Malls and spaza shops have been looted and some set alight, ATMs bombed and property vandalised, including schools. “The looting has destroyed everything we’ve been building,” said Makhura. “The township economy is not operating due to the looting. At the moment, those who have small businesses are not operating as they’re affected by this situation. The biggest sector of the economy is also affected,” he said. “People who were working in these shops are currently unable to go to work. This is not the way we want things to happen. This is going to have severe impact,” said Makhura. He said that the vaccine programme had slowed down and the executive council was extremely concerned that the province may have a rise in cases of Covid-19 infections as a result of the ongoing unrest. “My appeal to the people of the province, once more, is to let us work together in every community. Let us make sure that there is no looting in our localities, and work with law enforcement agencies to prevent this situation. It is leading to the total destruction of whatever little we have in our economy.” Makhura said they would like to see the visibility of the army and cops in restoring law and order. He said they had been engaging with structures of the different political parties and ANC to engage with community leaders to bring the situation under control. “The criminal element has hijacked the situation and more arrests should take place.” More than 400 people have been arrested in province to date.