THABO “Mr Cool” Nthethe is fuming mad! He is demanding R1,250 million from his former boss Max Tshabalala of Bloemfontein Celtic. According to Nthethe, he contributed R1 million as subcontractor to one of Tshabalala’s companies, Ikaheng Developer and Plant Hire, for the supply of steel material for the Botshabelo Hawkers Stalls Project. The money was deposited into the account of Tshabalala’s company cash as “business loan” on 9 September 2016 with an expectation of a 25% interest, which amounts to R250 000 to be paid within three month. However, it’s now four years since Tshabalala has promised to pay back the money and the former Celtic and Mamelodi Sundowns captain has now lost his cool. Nthethe told SunSport that he is tired of Tshabalala’s “lies” and empty promises and claims his ex-boss was paid R21m for the same project, which he investigated himself and “have proof to show”. Explained Nthethe: “We met at the Southern Sun hotel in Bloemfontein in September 2016. “He asked me what my plans are besides playing football. I told him that I was involved in the grass cutting business, but I wanted to expand into a building construction. Max said to me he had a project in Mangaung to build a taxi rank, and if I invested R1.8m as a subcontractor to supply steel to build the rank, I will pool 25% profit. “He invited me to his house in a plot to show me proof about the project, and he also took me to the place where the rank was to be build, opposite Botshabelo Stadium.” Nthethe, who is now retired, said he was surprised when Tshabalala started ignoring his calls and messages after the agreed 90 days lapsed. He continued: “My business partner went to check progress at the rank and he confirmed that steel was installed. I used my wife’s phone to contact Max and he answered. “He reasoned that due to ongoing protests in Mangaung, the project was stopped. Last year, he came with excuses of Covid-19 pandemic and I realised that he is playing mind games. “He then said he has a job to build a school in Kimberley then he will pay me in instalments of R200 000 to R300 000 per month until the debt is settled. “I said we should do a legally binding oath that we should both sign with due dates to settle his debt, but was shocked when he sent me a blank contract. “I have proof which shows that he was paid R21 million for the project, paid in different amounts, but he can’t even give me a cent. “He has been giving me the run around, saying he was paid for the first phase and my project was in second phase.” However, Tshabalala said he owes Nthethe nothing. According to him, the project was stopped after Mangaung Municipality went bankrupt, which led to the Botshabelo project stopped, “nothing is happening, even people are vandalising it now”. “Nthethe never gave me money... he invested the money as a subcontractor at one of the companies I’m involved in,” Tshabalala countered. “I will never take Nthethe’s money. He didn’t personally give me the money... it’s Ikaheng and I’m a member in that company, with other members. He bought the material and that’s all. “Even my company lost more than R8m on that stopped project. We had already erected structures. Everybody who was involved there lost. “He’s gunning for me because I have a name, and I have a lot to lose. He went to court twice and lost, with costs. In fact, he’s the one who owes me legal costs money.”