FORMER president Jacob Zuma has broken his silence about his jail sentence. On Sunday, 4 July, he addressed supporters who had descended on his Nkandla home in KZN, to show their support. He was accompanied by his son Duduzane Zuma, Ace Magashule, Tony Yengeni and Bishop Vusi Dube. He thanked them for their support during this time, as well as his legal team, led by Advocate Dali Mpofu. He said he was worried he would have to fight the police alone during his arrest, but was relieved when he saw the support. “When I saw you, I asked myself: how can the police reach me inside when there are many people defending outside? Your support brought hope that no one can abuse the law in front of you. You have restored my hope to reach 100 years.” Zuma said they were fighting for something that had started as a small issue. “We are fighting that the judge, who is also the chairperson of the commission, recuse himself because I won’t testify before him. “He ordered me to give reasons for his recusal and I did. But we were surprised when he wanted to also be a judge when he is also an accused,” he said. Zuma said that it was unlawful for former public protector Thuli Madonsela to order him to establish the commission and let the Chief Justice appoint the chairman. “The president has the right to form the commission and appoint the chairman. That was the set-up and they broke the law. I was surprised when the Constitutional Court failed to correct the Public Protector, but left Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng when he appointed a judge for me. “Mogoeng appointed a judge from Cape Town, but changed a day later. They also made a mistake to appoint one judge because I can go if there is another one. I will not go before Zondo because he is biased.” Zuma said he had hoped the Constitutional Court would correct Zondo to do the right thing and recuse himself, but he was surprised when he was ordered to go before him. “I fought for democracy and I was fighting for these constitutional rights. No one will take my right away from me. I have legal history. I’ve managed to recuse two judges. Why doesn’t Zondo want to recuse himself and allow me to go to the commission? I thank my legal team for helping because I was going to sleep in prison today,” he said.