WHO would have imagined that South Africans would be celebrated by north African countries, especially the Egyptians? Well, today Pitso Mosimane, Cavin Johnson, Kabelo Rangoaga and Musi Matlaba are the toast of town in Egypt, as they’ve brought about glory for their signature club, Al Ahly. Mosimane led the South African-made crew to the club’s 10th Caf Champions League victory on Saturday when they defeated Kaizer Chiefs 3-0 in the final in Morocco. It’s obviously a team effort, the players, technical staff and other stake holders. But fact remains the South Africans were the shining light. Johnson is Mosimane’s assistant at Al Ahly, Rangoaga is their fitness coach while Matlaba is their performance analyst, which completes the bunch of winners in Egypt. Saturday’s Champions League was also a historic one as it was dominated by South Africans, including Patrice Motsepe as Caf president, while Lux September is the governing football body’s media liaison officer. Bullish Mosimane admitted on Saturday that his team of analysts did their homework before facing Chiefs. After the match, Mosimane said he knew Amakhosi’s predictable line-up before the game. He revealed: “My analyst was intensive on scouting the pictures from Chiefs’ training sessions on Friday. “The players who were wearing the bibs, we knew those wearing the bibs were about to start. “So I knew what starting line-up is about because we are professionals. “We are hawks... and the game came out as expected.” Mosimane said the surprise was coach Stuart Baxter on the bench. Baxter surprised many by appearing in the pre-match press conference on Friday as many thought Arthur Zwane would finish what he had started. “The surprise maybe was coach Baxter and Khama (Billiat, who missed the semi-final matches due to a lengthy injury) when he was coming on.” Mosimane gave credit to all the coaches involved in the Chiefs’ journey from the start until the final. “For me, I give respect to coach Gavin Hunt because he does not get credit for bringing the team in the semi-finals,” said Mosimane. The club fired hunt in May following a string of poor results in the domestic league. However, when he was fired, he had already reached the Caf semi-finals with the team. Mosimane added: “And we must give credit to coach Arthur Zwane and Shappy (Dillon Sheppard) for bringing the team in the final. “Also credit to Stuart. I know he has been behind the scenes helping them. But as a local boy and a township boy, I am very happy for Arthur Zwane. “For me, if it was my way I think he could have got the gong again and finish what he has started. “But let’s not forget Hunty (Hunt). He has done well.”