WHAT could be more shocking than an ex-president being sentenced to prison? Well, news of Hlompho Kekana possibly leaving Mamelodi Sundowns would have been equally shocking. The two public figures might not carry the same weight or influence in society. But the latest developments in their lives have certainly left them clutching their pearls. The proposal for Kekana to leave Sundowns on loan must have felt like a devastating constitutional court judgment for the veteran midfielder. Granted, at 36, Kekana is not a spring chicken and has nothing more to prove in football. After all, he is the only SA player with more medals in the PSL era, enough to sponsor a local tournament. But is this how it’s supposed to end for a player who has contributed so much to the success of Sundowns in a decade? In the event that Kekana leaves, there will be no legend’s farewell, no benefit game and certainly no pomp nor ceremony befitting of a player who helped deliver Masandawana the La Decima. He will most probably sneak out like Iker Casillas out at Real Madrid or Tenashe Nengomashe at Kaizer Chiefs. Hell, even the disgraced Joseph Blatter was afforded a speech when he left Fifa. Kekana is a legend at Sundowns who represented the Brazilians over 300 times. He has won multiple trophies, including six league championships, the Caf Champions League and the Caf Super Cup. But with his time seemingly coming to an end, the overwhelming feeling at that reality is not merely of awe at a glittering trophy-laden career, or of respect and admiration for Kekana, having risen to the top of his position at his peak. It is the unavoidable sadness that will follow the decision to ship him out on loan... and to never return. It is no secret Kekana has lost favour with the current technical team and it is no coincidence that his popularity waned as soon as Pitso Mosimane left. He signed a new four-year deal in March last year, continued to captain the team until his fortunes changed post the Pitso Mosimane era. Perhaps for the good of the team, his legacy and certainly his own mental health, Kekana won’t fight to stay and reclaim his place in the team. Nothing lasts forever in football. Players come and go. But this is certainly not how a legend should leave a club.