THANKS to SunPower, Muvhango actress Constance Sibiya has received donations from the Bible Society of South Africa. This comes after she handed more than 80 Bibles at Christ Centered Church in Atteridgeville, Tshwane on 27 June. Constance, who plays Hangwani Mukwevho, partnered with her co-stars Candy Magidimisa, Innocentia Machidi, Maumela Mahuwa and Gabriel Temudzani to collect the Bibles. After Daily Sun published their story on 28 June, the Bible Society joined forces with the actress. The society sells, publishes and distributes Bibles. The society’s Pastor Mike Roodt and Pastor Christo Maree flew from their offices in Cape Town on Wednesday, 7 July, to meet Constance and her husband, Archbishop Abraham Sibiya. Constance, who recently became a bishop elect, said she was grateful to the People’s Paper. “This feels amazing. I didn’t know God had already put this project out there and touched people’s hearts like this. This is only the beginning. I started this for a few people. Little did I know it was meant to grow big. I’m grateful to Daily Sun for writing this because if it were not for the article, the society wouldn’t have contacted me,” she said. ALSO READ |SUPRISE BABY FOR DINEO RANAKA The society promised her Bibles whenever she needed them. “They also brought booklets with Bible stories for kids because they read that I couldn’t give children under 10 Bibles as we didnt have them. The books are in all official languages. And they offered to give every Grade 7 pupil we have a new Bible. That’s a project they’re already running. I must just tell them how many Grade 7s I have and they’ll send me Bibles,” she said. Pastor Christo said the Daily Sun article touched them and they had to help. “In the article, Constance said out of 53 children, only three brought Bibles. Another thing was that she couldn’t give children under 10 Bibles because she didnt have them. Although we also don’t have them, we have booklets that are based on Bible stories and we will donate those for free,” said Pastor Christo. He said they will donate some books and some will be bought from them. “Her Grace, Bishop Elect Constance and her husband made it clear they have funds, but they’d love to get the Bibles at better prices. So we decided we’ll sell them cheaper.”