KAIZER Chiefs goalkeeper, Bruce Bvuma, is hoping to follow in the footsteps of Mamelodi Sundowns keeper Dennis Onyango and become one of the best on the continent. Bvuma has emerged as one of the key players for Amakhosi in the Caf Champions League this season with some eye-catching performances in big games. He was influential in the Soweto giants’ run to their maiden Champions League final where they will face serial winners of the competition, Pitso Mosimane’s Egyptian super club Al Ahly. The titanic battle will take place at the Stade Mohammed V in Casablanca, Morocco next Saturday. Bvuma will be familiar with the surroundings having had arguably his best performance in Chiefs colours at the same venue against Moroccan giants Wydad Athletic Club in the semi-final first leg. The 26-year-old, unfortunately, missed the second leg at home with Daniel Akpeyi stepping up to the plate to finish the job and help send the Glamour Boys to the final. Bvuma, however, will be hoping that he gets the nod ahead of Akpeyi and Itumeleng Khune in the final. He is fully aware that another impressive performance in the final would elevate his career to a different level as seen with Downs’ Onyango when the Tshwane giants won the competition in 2016. The Ugandan shot-stopper, thanks largely to his impressive form in the competition, was voted the 2016 African-based African Player of the year at the Caf Awards. “I feel extremely excited to be part of a team that will be participating in the Caf Champions League final,” said Bvuma. “This is a big deal and it means a lot in my career. It will take me to the next level. It’s every player’s dream to play in the final of the Champions League and now my CV will have this achievement. “And for Chiefs as a club, these are the competitions that we should be competing for every year. I feel very happy to have contributed to bringing us to this point. “I hope that we can go all the way and win it so that we can also have that star (on our jerseys). Kaizer Chiefs are a big club. We deserve this moment. We have a lot of support in South Africa. We hope to make the country proud.” Bvuma admits that Mosimane’s Red Devils will be a difficult opponent to overcome. However, he believes this is an achievable task. “They have been dominating this competition for a long time,” added Bvuma. “But this is a final. We also want to win it.”