 Western Cape police have nabbed five suspects for attempted murder, assault on police, possession of firearms, ammunition, and drugs in Wesbank near Mfuleni.  SAPS members confiscated two unlicensed firearms, ammunition, cash, and drugs in two separate operations in the area at the weekend. Colonel Andrè Traut, said during the early morning hours of Sunday, members on patrol in Galvendale Street, Wesbank, came under fire, with the shots hitting the police vehicle. "After calling for backup, the members went to a house in Galvendale Street, looking for the suspects and to search the premises. Upon searching the house, they found a packet containing 83 mandrax tablets inside a cupboard, a black plastic bag containing a range of ammunition, cash, and under the bed and carpet, they found a black pistol with ammunition." ALSO WATCH: DRUNK WOMAN CRASHES INTO PETROL PUMP! Traut said police arrested a 25-year-old woman for dealing in drugs and possession of ammunition, as well as a 30-year-old man for possession of an illegal firearm and attempted murder. Meanwhile, on Saturday at around 20:00, members of the Mfuleni SAPS Crime Prevention Unit were on patrol when they noticed a suspicious microbus taxi with three male occupants in Fernglen Street in Wesbank. "When approaching the vehicle, the members noticed the driver of the vehicle tossing something out of the window. Upon searching the area where the driver had thrown the item, they found a pistol with ammunition on the ground," Traut said. Police arrested a 28-year-old male for possession of an unlicensed firearm. "A scuffle ensued between SAPS members and the other two suspects aged 31 and 36. The pair were eventually also arrested for attacking the police, resisting arrest, and interfering with police work."  The five suspects are expected to appear in the Blue Downs Magistrate's Court once charged.     News24 SOURCE: https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/5-nabbed-in-western-cape-for-attempted-murder-assault-on-police-20210704    