LEGENDARY jazz musician Tsepo Tshola (68) has passed on. The internationally renowned artist’s family said he died on Thursday, 15 July at his home village of Teyateyaneng in Lesotho. “Tsepo Tshola, Sankomota’s world-renowned Village Pope, succumbed to a Covid-19 related illness this morning,” read their statement. Family publicist Thanduxolo Jindela said they were still in shock and had requested space and privacy. He said they would share further details as soon as possible. The passing of the Ho Lokile hitmaker has shocked the whole of Mzansi. Heartfelt messages of condolences have been pouring in for the late icon best known for being part of popular Lesotho band Sankomota alongside Frank Leepa, Moss Nkofo, Black Jesus, Moruti Selate, and Pitso Sera. Singer Joe Nina told Daily Sun this was a huge blow to the music industry. “I am very heartbroken. Words fail to describe how I am feeling right now. Tsepo was like a brother to me and at some point, before he moved back to Lesotho, we lived in the same house together. “That is how close we were. I am going to miss him dearly, his jokes and humility. May his family find healing and acceptance in this difficult time,” he said. Legendary musician Caiphus Semenya said: “This was the last thing I was expecting to wake up to or hear about him, as I was still looking forward to working and collaborating with him. I am very shocked and heartbroken as he was one of the very special people who were close to me, as a brother and musically. He has left a great legacy and I will pray for his family during this difficult time. My deepest condolences to them, I know how fond of them he was.” Actress Dineo Langa paid her respects and said on Twitter: “Tshepo Tshola has been part of every celebration and loss in most of our homes. Ha hona mokete kapa lefu mo o sa utlwing Ntate Tshepo Tshola teng. “It’s like his voice held space for black joy and black pain. It feels like someone just shot a missile through our artistic DNA.” Music promoter Joe Chakela told the People’s Paper he was alerted last Tuesday the iconic jazz star was unwell after he had collapsed during a family funeral and was rushed to hospital, where it was discovered he had Covid-19. “I am very heartbroken. He was such a kind man and had a lot ahead of him, I can’t begin to express how I am feeling right now. May his soul rest in peace,” he said.