THE current strict curfew rules are making ekasi housewives very happy. But the men are not happy to be home early. Watching soapies and doing dishes is abuse, they feel. Some wives said lockdown helped them get a lot of tlof tlof because early curfew meant there was no time for their husbands to visit their side dish. Maria Mathobela (39) from Orlando West in Soweto told Daily Sun she had been married for seven years, and now felt blessed. “My husband has always been a busy man. Even after work he always had something to do. But I haven’t been poked so much in my life and I’m happy.” Elsie Mokoena (37) from Mofolo, also in Soweto, said days of complaining about not being poked were over. She said her husband did this at least six or seven times a week. “My punani is always on fire but I love it. And I get to watch my favourite shows with him. I could ask the president to take us to level five,” said Elsie. Thabile Ngidi (29) from Orlando West said this time had allowed them to work on their marriage and poking, which had become a once-in-a-while thing. “Now we communicate better. Poking happens everyday and he even helps with chores. This is the man I married, not the one who was drifting away.” But the husbands beg to differ, saying time away from home was important. Isaac Mathobela (41) said spending a lot of time with his wife became boring because she made him watch reality shows. “When I’m out with the boys, we have nice conversations and watch soccer. I can’t even drink beer in peace at home because of the wife complaining about something. But if she’s happy, then I’m happy too.” Thato Mokoena (40) said his poking game was scarce because he always came home tired. “Work is always hectic and I need to make time to chill with the boys. By the time I come back, I’m tired.” Thato said although he drank with the boys, they also talked about important things. “We talk about our marriages, how to keep our women happy and even pray. We don’t have nyatsis.” Kenneth Ngwenya (34) from Thokoza, Ekurhuleni said he hated lockdown because he needed time with the boys. “We’ll go crazy talking about our problems everyday.”