FORMER president Jacob Zuma will not be suspended as an ANC ex officio member of the national executive committee despite his conviction for being in contempt of court. Party deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte said the party would continue to engage Zuma, and that it still held him on high regard as an elder of the movement. But he would not be asked to step aside as stipulated by the resolution that did so to Ace Magashule. “We still love and respect him,” Duarte said. She revealed there was a raging difference of opinion within the party following Zuma’s sentencing. Duarte said the party would engage Magashule on the remarks he made to Zuma supporters, where he said any party structure that would be disbanded should be defiant. She denied that the party had intentions to disband structures that were sympathetic to Zuma. Duarte said the party was concerned about the gathering of Zuma supporters in Nkandla, who vowed to put their bodies on the line in his defence. She said the party was going to discipline the organisers of the gathering, which she said was engineered within members who were bent on dividing the party. “The ANC must and will ensure that it manages the situation in a manner consistent with our mandate of renewal and unity.” Duarte said that members of the radical economic transformation had mobilised the youth under false pretences, and not explained to them the resolution of the Nasrec conference. The party would be dealing with this in the next coming days, where Duarte said leadership would engage members on the party’s policies and resolutions. Duarte said the party was implementing the RET resolution, “but at the same time, you cannot radically structure, restructure the economy without social reconstruction of what is taking place on the ground in our country, and the two inextricably bound together. “Over the weekend, we will be exploring and expanding on the policies of the economic recovery. It is precisely at the whole of our economic recovery plan that we must have an economy that works for all people of South Africa. You can’t have an economy that is one-sided,” she added.