THE Constitutional Court will this morning deliver a ruling
on whether President Cyril Ramaphosa misled parliament about the donations to
his campaign when he ran for the presidency of the ANC. The highest court will also make a ruling on whether the
Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane had jurisdiction to investigate
Ramaphosa’s donations towards his campaign whose records have since been sealed
following a court ruling on the matter. The donations first came to light in parliament when then DA
leader Mmusi Maimane asked Ramaphosa in a follow-up question whether the
president was aware of an R500 000 donation to his campaign by Bosasa. Initially, Ramaphosa in response to the question denied the
donation saying the money was paid to his son Andile who had business dealings
with the company. He later withdrew this statement in a letter to National
Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise and conceded that indeed it was a donation to
his campaign. This led to the DA leader and EFF approaching Mkhwebane’s
office to probe this donation. The public protector’s investigation uncovered
that there were more donations which it is reported amounted to a billion rand. Ramaphosa in his testimony at the State Capture Inquiry
disputed this figure, saying the donation was around R300 million. Mkhwebane in her remedial action said parliament should take
action against Ramaphosa and this set in motion a collision course between the
Public Protector as the president took the report for a review and for it to be
set aside. Ramaphosa won in his court bid to have the report set aside
and the North Gauteng High Court ruled that Mkhwebane had no powers to
investigate the CR17 campaign. She took the matter straight to the apex court
to defend her actions, insisting that she had the powers to investigate the
campaign. In his court application, Ramaphosa also successfully
applied for the bank records which show who have donated towards his campaign
or who benefitted to be sealed. This has sparked a political hot potato with
Ramaphosa also using the court process not to reveal much to the ANC’s
Integrity Commission when he appeared before it to account for the donations. The donations, which have become to be known as CR17 bank statements,
are often used by the rival faction within the ANC to attack Ramaphosa, the
latest being the suspended secretary-general Ace Magashule who used them to
suspend Ramaphosa.