MINISTERS from the Justice, Crime Prevention and Security (JCPS) cluster briefed the media following President Cyril Ramaphosa’s address to the nation on Monday night. The briefing was on the containment of violent protests taking place in some parts of the country, and outlining measures underway to restore law and order. The measures outlined included the recent deployment of the defence force to join law enforcement agencies, who had been dealing with looting. The officials, led by Minister of Defence and Military Veterans Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula, said they were satisfied with reports they had received and were confident that law enforcement agencies were able to do their job effectively. Mapisa-Nqakula was joined by Minister of Justice and Correctional Services Ronald Lamola, Minister of Police Bheki Cele, Minister of Home Affair Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as well as State and Security Minister Ayanda Dlodlo. “In all our operations, we still have the responsibility to save lives. The current situation on the ground is under strong surveillance and we will ensure that it does not deteriorate any further. “We cannot allow anyone to make a mockery of our democratic state. We have instructed law enforcement agencies to double their efforts to stop the violence and increase deployment,” said Mapisa-Nqakula. She said that as ministers, they added their voices to that of the president, who strongly condemned the lawlessness, violence and destruction in certain areas of KZN and Gauteng. “We call for an immediate end to this violence, looting and disregard of the law. We call for an immediate return to peace and stability. We are also encouraged by messages on social media platforms by South Africans who are saying that the destruction of property such as shops, malls and trucks will not be destroyed in their name,” she said. The cluster said no amount of unhappiness or personal circumstances gave anyone the right to loot, vandalise and break the law. The ministers called on communities to exercise restraint in dealing with the situation and ensure that innocent lives were not harmed. “We urge all communities to reject any call for violence. We call upon anyone to report violence and intimidation to CrimeStop on 08600 10111,” said Mapisa-Nqakula. She said that the ministers welcomed the announcement by the president to deploy defence force personnel in supplementing the capacity of the police in protecting infrastructure and other operations. “Latest reports indicate that a total of 757 people have been arrested – 304 in KZN and 453 in Gauteng.” The minister said of concern was the loss of lives that had accompanied the violence and destruction of property. “The number of fatalities is 10, with four in KZN and six in GP. Furthermore, four police officers were injured while responding to these violent protests and are recovering. We caution South Africans to note that the country is facing Covid-19,” she said. The cluster said the greatest risk for the mass protests was the rapid spread of the virus, causing a rise in infections and affecting our ability as the government and health system to respond. “Our health system is already under strain and current developments put the lives of more people at risk, should infections rise. Disaster management act enforcement operations will continue with heightened visibility to ensure that our communities observe all lockdown regulations,” said Mapisa-Nqakula.