CHIPPA United, who supposedly retained their PSL status via play-offs on Wednesday, are in a fix. They are left to make big decisions in determining the future of Oupa Manyisa, Anthony Laffor, Kurt Lentjies, Avela Cezu, Ayabulela Konqobe and Thami Sangweni. It’s unclear whether Luyolo Nomandela will stay with the club, despite having signed a two-year deal in April this year. It’s public knowledge that Augustine Kwem is off to TS Galaxy, but doubt is cast on Luvuyo Phewa and Nyiko Mobbie, who could be easily be recalled by their mother club, Mamelodi Sundowns. Uganda’s No.1 goalkeeper, Ismail Watenga is a Sundowns property as well, and could easily be called considering the goalkeeping situation at Downs. The future of all these players is uncertain, with others’ contracts having expired on the same Wednesday after Chippa were handed another walkover after Royal AM didn’t pitch up for their final play-offs match at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium. Royal didn’t play a single match in the play-offs as Shauwn Mkhize’s club are contesting in court that they are the rightful champions of the GladAfrica Championship. On top of that, Chippa will be looking to appoint a new coach after Lehlohonolo Seema’s short-term deal with the club also expired on Wednesday. Seema is set to be unveiled as a new coach of Golden Arrows in the next coming days. “We haven’t sat down with them,” said club’s chief operations officer (COO) Lukhanyo Mzizi. “But we should conclude everything by Monday. Also, with regards to the coach, we will conclude everything on Monday too.” The future of Thokozani Sekotlong will be discussed, as he featured in only six league matches last season. Mzizi said the club is “excited” to have “retained” their PSL status via the play-offs that were marred by controversy. He said the next thing for them now is to prepare well for this coming season to ensure they don’t find themselves in this position again. Chippa, after the controversial play-offs were concluded, have given their players two weeks rest until 14 July. “We are building for the new season. We are doing all the plans for the pre-season,” said Mzinzi. The Chilli Boys started this season with Seema, but he was fired last December after only winning three, losing seven and drawing four of 14 matches. Chippa then appointed Luc Eymael, however, this triggered the country to be up in arms following the Belgium’s racist remarks while still coach of Tanzania side Yang FC. The Chilli Boys then appointed Dan Malesela later in December. However, Malesela was sacked in April after winning only five games, lost five, drew six in 16 matches in charge. The club was back on the hunt, and that time they appointed Siyabulela Gwambi as a caretaker coach in the same month of April. He stepped aside before month end, winning only one game of the three in charge. That win was the Nedbank Cup semi-final against Richards Bay FC to see the club, for the first time, reach the knockout final in their PSL history. Vladislav Heric was back at Chippa, initially as a technical director. But he was then on the bench for the club until 19 May – winning two, two draws and two losses of six games in charge. Under the Serbian, the club lost the Ke Yona Cup final to Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (now known as Marumo Gallants FC). SunSport has also reliably learnt that the club still owed some staff members salaries, as well as other players.