CONVICTED former president Jacob Zuma followed an incorrect and unprecedented procedure in his stay of arrest application and his case must fall like a deck of cards. This was the wording by Pietermaritzburg High Court Judge Bhekisisa Mnguni in his judgment dismissing Zuma’s application for the court to interdict his arrest. Zuma has started serving his 15 months sentence at Escourt Correctional Centre in KZN, where he handed himself over just minutes before police could arrest him for being in contempt of court. Mnguni delivered his judgment virtually, which lasted seconds but in his written judgment, he said the Constitutional Court, which passed the sentence on Zuma, has the powers to suspend its own orders and he had been called upon to interdict the apex court. “Unsurprisingly, faced with this seemingly insuperable difficulty in relation to the invocation of the incorrect and unprecedented procedure, the rest of Mr Zuma’s case then collapses like a deck of cards,” he wrote. Mnguni said the only available route for Zuma was to approach the apex court, which provides for urgent applications “The balance of convenience does not favour the granting of the interim interdict as it would be harmful to the rule of law and our Constitution, as this court will permit Mr Zuma to disregard the courts and their authority,” he said. ALSO READ: ANOTHER BLOW FOR JACOB ZUMA! Mnguni said the high court had no jurisdiction to interdict an order of the Constitutional Court and further stated that Zuma had been invited to make submissions to the apex court but didn’t. It is common cause that in this country there is no higher authority than the Constitutional Court, and that its decisions cannot be undermined by a lower court. Should this court accede to the contentions advanced on behalf of Mr Zuma, then the hierarchy will be disturbed and there will be no finality to legal decisions.13[38] What, in my view, this application seeks to achieve is to entangle this court in judicial adventurism (which has been strongly deprecated in constitutional democracies), and to make whimsical orders which have the effect of granting unlawful and unwarranted relief,” he said. Mnguni also questioned the submissions of Zuma’s poor health as advanced, saying there was no evidence produced to this effect and that he was in no position to determine how he being jailed would affect his health and to what extent it might be irreparable. He said when applying for an interdict order, the applicant must show at the very least that it had a prima facie right and that such right will be unlawfully infringed. Further it must show that the balance of convenience is in its favour, and that irreparable harm will result if an interim order is not granted in the meantime, which would protect that right. “I am not persuaded that Mr Zuma has made out a case for this court to grant the relief sought,” he said.