ACTING Chief Justice Sisi Khampepe, who found former President Jacob Zuma guilty of contempt of court and sentenced him to 15-months direct imprisonment, has found her way to Safa House. While still celebrated by the country and vilified by others, Khampepe has joined the football world in December last year and now she's expected to bring about order to the troubled industry. Khampepe dropped a bombshell this week when she made one of the most tough Constitutional Court judgements in history and found Zuma guilty at the Judicial Service Commission (JSC). This was her parting gift to the country before she vacates her post to give attention to Safa's ethics committee. Safa appointed Khampepe as the acting chairperson of the Ethics Committee in November last year, and will be taking up her role. Alex Abercrombie was appointed by the national football governing body as the integrity officer, Candy Lee De Sousa as the member ethics committee officer and Ronnie Pillay as a member of the ethics committee. According to Safa president Danny Jordan, the association is trying to align itself to be a global sport, just like the Confederation of African Football (Caf) and Fifa who have these chambers in their respective organisations to deal with big cases. “South African football is organised in the context of African football and global football in the context of Fifa,” said Jordaan to SunSport. “We have to align ourselves and be consistent with what is happening within Fifa and Caf. As South Africa, if you want to be one of the leading federations on the continent, then governance is the stand point, finance stand point, and Ethics stand point, we must also be in line and leading on every front of legal and constitutional law of the country.” Speaking to SunSport on Thursday, Khampepe said the ethics committee comprises two chambers - the investigatory chamber and the judiciary chamber. "Its role is to ensure that the integrity and the reputation of Safa, as an institution, is safeguarded and that is what has attracted me to accept this position,” she said. Khampepe is a South African judge who serves on the Constitutional Court until when her notice expires. Khampepe, who was born in Soweto, obtained her B.Proc from the University of Zululand and her LLM degree at Harvard Law School. She was admitted as an attorney in 1985, worked at Bowman Gilfillan in private practice specialising in Labour Law. In 1995, she was appointed a member of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. From 1999 she was Deputy National Director of Public Prosecutions in the National Prosecuting Authority. Abercrombie said they will work with the hawks and the NPA in South Africa to ensure there’ll be no match fixing in football at all levels. “We are working together on a number of issues,” said Alercrombie to SunSport. “Referees, players, people who are agents for sports betting syndicates should know that we will be watching them.” Amid all the chaotic scenes that have engulfed the PSL with regards to who are the rightful champions of the GladAfrica Championship, Safa had to reinforce its own judicial system.