A GAME of firsts! It will be a historic Sunday night at Wembley Stadium, London (9pm) when Italy and England take to the field in their Uefa Euro 2020 final, with records broken already. It will be the first time that the two European countries share the field in three years, with their last duel being a 1-1 draw in an international friendly on 27 March 2018. The English have veteran Harry Kane to thank after slotting in a 104th minute extra-time goal in their 2-1 semi-final win against Denmark to secure their first final since lifting the Fifa World Cup in 1966. Kane was making up for his failed penalty kick attempt, which nearly cost them the game but came back in extra-time to turn the tables. It is reported that the whole England went into raptures on Wednesday as the English celebrate their special victory and achievement under head coach Gareth Southgate. London police reported that there were arrests for the illegal gathering to celebrate England’s 2-1 victory. They had to come from behind after Simon Kjaer’s own goal cancelled out Mikkel Damsgaard’s superb free-kick for the Danes in the first half. Southgate urged England to conquer one last “massive hurdle” as they aim to cap their historic Euro 2020 campaign with victory against Italy in Sunday’s final. But having taken over Italy at their lowest ebb, Roberto Mancini revelled in defying expectations after the Azzurri made it through to the final of Euro 2020 with a dramatic penalty shoot-out win over Spain on Tuesday. “This group of players have been fantastic to work with, their togetherness, those not in the team supporting their teammates, they deserve what’s happening,” Southgate said. “They didn’t panic at the those moments. They withstood, they came back and clawed their way back into the game. “In the end it’s a wonderful evening for our fans, for our public and for our country. “They’ve been a joy, very special final. We have one more step against a fantastic team who are unbeaten in however many matches. “We know the size of the task. But what a brilliant moment for us. Let’s savour tonight, then we can think about that on the coach back to Burton.” Italy, undefeated in their last 33 games, have been one of the most impressive teams in the tournament. “When you play in a World Cup or a European Championship it is intense, and there always comes a game where you have to dig in and suffer to win,” Mancini said. “It can’t all be smooth as our progress had been up to now.” – AFP & REUTERS