IT was a catch me if you can situation between cops and four thugs when a chase ensued on Saturday afternoon, 10 July. Residents who witnessed the situation said it looked like a television movie. The cops chased the thugs on the R568 road between KwaMhlanga and Vaalbank. But the chase was cut short after the thugs caused an accident at Luthuli crossroads. Their car flew, crashed into two stop signs and then plunged at the back of a stationary Toyota Tazz then rolled a few times. None of the men was injured. When the SunTeam arrived at the scene, cops were searching the vehicle. Many cellphones were found inside the car. Eyewitness Sipho Msibi (32) told Daily Sun that the whole situation looked like a movie scene. “I saw the VW Golf flying and smashing stop signs. People ran into different directions for cover. The Toyota Tazz was parked on the side of the road as the owner was buying oranges from hawkers. Fortunately, there was no one inside. Out of the Golf came out four men who tried to escape to different directions but cops managed to apprehend three of them. The other one is still at large,” he said.  Another eyewitness, Amos Masombuka (41), said he was shocked by the situation. “I have never seen something like this, a car flying. Fortunately no one was injured here. Now we have to be more careful because we spend most of our time next to the road running our businesses,” he said. Police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said when cops searched the thugs’ vehicle they discovered stolen good. “It is believed that the Golf was stolen at Emalahleni and the suspects proceeded to commit a robbery in Dennilton. A case of car hijacking has been opened in Emalahleni, a case of robbery was opened in Dennilton and a case of stolen goods has been opened at KwaMhlanga,” he said. Hlathi said cops are preparing for a profile identification of the four suspects. The police are in a strong view that the suspects might have been involved in a string of robberies in KwaMhlanga and other areas. At the moment the police are investigating whether there are no other crimes the suspects can be linked with,” he said.