Dancer-turned-singer, Queen of Dance is making a come back after 10 years. The 33-year-old, whose real name is Thandolwethu Saliwa, has recently dropped her second single titled Amateki since returning. Speaking to SunBuzz, the singer from Queenstown in the Eastern Cape said she stopped making music because she had to focus on a new job. “I got a job that required me to travel as an MC and promoter. I wasn’t going to be able to do music. So I took a break and focused on work. “I was also looking to do something new and when the opportunity to work as an MC came, I grabbed it with both hands. But I’ve decided to come back now,” she said. Thando released her first single, Abo Gabadiya, late last year. ALSO READ: COMEDIAN WARNS AGAINST SCAMMER! “I didn’t expect Abo Gabadiya to do well because of Covid-19. But the response is massive. It also came as a shock because I didn’t think people would love it because I took a long break from music,” she said. “My second single, Amateki, was released last month. It’s a dance song about South African dance genres. It’s an amapiano song, but it’s got a feel of kwaito as a way to remind people. That’s where the sound originates from. “Both the songs are available online,” said Thando. Before taking a break from music, Queen of Dance had danced for musicians such as the late Mshoza and Lebo Mathosa, as well as Speedy, Arthur Mafokate, Chomee, and Sgonondo. She also danced at the 2010 World Cup opening event. She was also part of a group called Queens of Dance, who worked with producers DJ Clock, MonoT, Dr Duda, DJ Kwazee and DJ Cleo. Speaking about her successful dance career, Thando who is now a choreographer, said the first musician she danced for was the late Lebo Mathosa. “Dance started as a hobby for me. I used to go to Yeoville for dance classes and one day Lebo wanted to record a music video for Awu Dede. “She auditioned us for the music video and I was the first person she pointed out, saying she wanted to see me dance. She took me and that was when my dance career started,” she said. “I went to audition at 999, Arthur’s recording label, and I was taken as one of the dancers. “It became a career without me planning. I ended up loving dance because every time I went for auditions, I was accepted. I later formed a group called Queens of Dance. My journey in both music and dance has been phenomenal.” Thando will be dropping the music video for Amatekinext month.