RAPPER Kwesta doesn’t care what people think of his financial status. This comes after he has been making headlines in the past months about being broke. The Ngudu hitmaker said he has been quiet for too long and it’s time he opened up. “I haven’t been responding to all these rumours about me being broke because I really don’t care what people think about my finances. I let people think what they want and they can say whatever they want. I don’t go home and think about it. It’s not a conversation I’d want to have with people because my money is my money,” he told Daily Sun. Kwesta said it annoyed him that his name was now associated with being broke and he thinks he’s being targeted. “I was recently on the news because Ayanda Jiya’s EP, Queen, was taken down from digital music platforms and the article was made about me. I was only featured on one song in that project, yet I was on many headlines, which affected my pocket,” he said. “What’s happening with her has absolutely nothing to do with me. I’m not sure why it was made about me, or why I’ve been targeted so much about my finances in the past month. But it feels like I’ve been a specific target and I don’t know where it’s coming from. Either I was used for the stories to gain traction or Ayanda was used to write about my financial status.” ALSO READ | SKEEM SAAM ACTOR SCORES A DEGREE He said at the end of the day what’s happening with his finances is none of anyone’s business. “Bottom line is, my financial status is nobody’s business. “I couldn’t care less if people think I’m broke or if they think I’m rich,” he said. Kwesta and his former colleagues at Rap Lyf have been feuding for months. But the rapper did not want to speak about the feud, saying it’s a sensitive matter. “As much as I don’t care what people say about my finances, I care about everything else that’s been happening in the past months. It’s a sensitive matter that involves people that I love and have known for years. I care about the sensitivity of that issue,” he said.