TEARS were rolling down people’s cheeks as Mpumalanga’s provincial inspector Maria Marule (36), killed in a horrible car accident, was buried in her final resting place at Thulamahashe Cemetery near Bushbuckridge on Sunday, 18 July. Funeral proceedings started at her home in Hazyview, where speaker after speaker expressed great sorrow over her untimely death. Family spokeswoman Esther Marule said: “We’re saddened and hurt and still trying come to terms of her untimely tragic death. Her death is great loss in the family. She woke for work as normal, but all of a sudden, death robbed her. “She was travelling in a duty car driven by her colleague heading to the Mkhuhlu office. But they never made it. Their car hit a pothole before hitting a truck, swerved, and a speeding BMW crashed into them, causing their car to roll before ploughing into a drift.  “Her colleague sustained serious injuries, but Maria was in pain trapped inside. She was complaining of back pains, and her leg and hand were broken. And we believed she would recover quickly as she walked on her own when admitted to Nelspruit Mediclinic. Unfortunately, she later passed away leaving her three boys and her husband behind. May her soul rest in peace. Ward 31 councillor Freddy Mnisi said: “If we lose one person, it’s a setback to the municipality. A good soul has passed, I believe it has descended to the heavens. It’s very difficult to lose a mother and also a wife to a husband. May her soul rest in peace.” Mpumalanga community safety MEC Vusi Shongwe sent his condolences to the family and her colleagues following the tragic passing of one of their co-workers.  He also wished the injured a speedy recovery in hospital. “It’s sad for the department to lose of its soldiers and someone who was the custodian in helping the department to fight against road crashes.” Shongwe said his department would continue to fight against accidents but added that motorists should also play their role to avoid needless loss of life.