THE SA Under-23 player, Tercious Malepe, is set to join AmaZulu, according to information reaching SunSport. The former Orlando Pirates versatile player will join the club after the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. The Games are set to kick-off on Thursday. AmaZulu president, Sandile Zungu, hinted that their new signing is the current U-23 captain at the Olympics. Malepe, who will become the first ever male South African footballer to participate in two consecutive Olympic Games having done so in 2016 in Rio, Brazil, will be the skipper for the SA Olympic team. “We have signed players, but we will unveil them next month and one of them is in Olympics, as we speak,” said the club’s boss. The 24-year-old Malepe, who joined Pirates from Swallows in 2016, has never played for the Buccaneers, as the Soweto giants loaned him out to Cape Town Spurs (Ajax Cape Town). Pirates further moved him on loan again to Chippa United before terminating his contract at the end of 2019-20 season. He then moved to join Ukrainian side FC Minai at the beginning of last season, featuring in 15 matches, but he’s back in Mzansi to join AmaZulu. Usuthu, who have surprisingly been slow in the market, will have a busy 2021-22 season as they will feature in the Caf Champions League after finishing second in the DStv Premiership last term. Their slot, though, was under threat from Kaizer Chiefs, who had reached the Champions League final, but they lost 3-0 to Pitso Mosimane’s Al Ahly side in Morocco on Saturday. If Chiefs had won the competition, Usuthu would have retained their Champions League slot as champions and joined by DStv Premiership Mamelodi Sundowns next season, who lost in the quarter-finals to Ahly this year. That would have meant Usuthu were demoted to the Caf Confederation Cup, as Africa’s controlling football body doesn’t allow a member association to have three clubs in the Champions League, even if the winner comes from that association. Malepe, for now, will become the third signing for Usuthu following the club’s acquisition of Keagan Buchanan and Mxolisi Kunene – both from Maritzburg United. Meanwhile, Usuthu have parted ways with Samuel Darpoh. The news was confirmed by the player’s agent. “We have amicably terminated the contract with AmaZulu. Right now we are waiting for the right offer in the Premiership,” said Darpoh’s agent Saheed Adebayor.