MORE celebrities are coming out to rebuke the acts of violence and looting taking place in parts of Mzansi. They put the blame solely on President Cyril Ramaphosa and his cabinet. Singer Kelly Khumalo indirectly lambasted Ramaphosa. In a video clip, she accused Ramaphosa of contributing to the looting. “Your president spoke but I heard nothing. I’m not going to lie, I heard nothing. He called for peace and yet not owned for his contribution to this disaster. Please hear me well, I’m not condoning what’s happening out there but can you blame people for doing what they’re doing. People have been very patient and co-operative for the past 22 months of lockdown with no jobs and no food.” ALSO READ: WATCH: JUB JUB VS LERATO KGANYAGO WAR OF WORDS She further wrote: “I know it’s very hard to be rational when frustrated and feel defeated. I hope we understand that in the end we are the ones who will continue to suffer. Looting and vandalising property is not the solution. Love and light to all of you. May our God cover us during these trying times.” TV and radio host Andile Ncube also lambasted government officials for stealing from people. He wrote: “In my corner thinking, they looted from us and then played power politics with the courts and commissions but when they get tired of the games, they’re playing. They send you to go burn the buildings that create the little jobs we have, the roads that carry us to work for the little we live on. They send you to go die in the streets while they sit in looted comfort! They have stolen from us, got rich and betrayed us. They want us to fight their battles. Their internal squabbles. ALSO READ |SKEEM SAAM ACTRESS CAUSE OF DEATH “How can you destroy what keeps you alive in the name of those who oppress your life. Stand up and say not in my community, not in my name. Another celebrity who has condemned what has been happening in Mzansi is TV presenter and actor, Sivuyile Ngesi. Siv as he is popularly-known told Daily Sun: “We know people have been angry and there has been a lot of injustices in the country where the poor have been ignored for a very long time. But there is no justification of how things have been done. Since the looting started, over 15 000 jobs have been lost and unfortunately the poor will suffer,” he said. “This has gone way beyond the freedom of the former president. It is about the leadership in South Africa failing the people continuously. They have every right to be angry but looting and damaging property is not the way to go. The positive thing here is that people have seen that the ANC is not the right party to led this country as they have done nothing to resolve this mess.” Asked how the government can deal with mayhem, Siv said the it needs to start making sacrifices to better the lives of ordinary South Africans so that such things never happen again. Condeferation of African Football (CAF) spokesman Luxolo September wrote: “No one is coming to save us. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for.” Actress and TV producer Ayanda Borotho wrote: “What is happening is criminal. It can never be justified. But nothing is black and white here. The economic and social injustices against the people is backfiring. We are a society that has nothing to lose. There is nothing more dangerous than a man who is hungry, angry and has nothing to lose. Leadership must fix it. The people who were promised equal opportunities for all are tired. Privilege will have us judged. People are not just hungry, they are angry. End looting, end criminality, end tribalism, and stop perpetuating it! “In the same breath, end inequality, end poverty, end unemployment, end corruption, end economic imbalance.and end ethnic nton nton.” A post shared by The Voice Of Africa (@kellykhumaloza) 