THE memorial service of Joburg mayor Geoff Makhubo was emotional. It was held virtually on Tuesday, 13 July and speakers described Makhubo’s life as short-lived, but full of purpose. The memorial started with a moving prayer by Reverend Akhona Gxamza from the Methodist Church of Southern Africa, who touched on the ongoing looting. United Cities and Local Governments of Africa secretary-general Jean Pierre Mbasi said he was still in disbelief. “My friend and brother, you caught me off guard and left without warning. You chose to depart at a time when your city and country needed your kind of leadership pioneered by the spirit of ubuntu. “I wonder if they will ever be able to fill the void you left behind. You have played the role of watchman in any situation thrown your way. You delivered. I am one of the lucky ones who benefited from the flame that burned in you. Rest well, my friend,” said Mbasi. City of Joburg chief of staff Mbulelo Ruda described Makhubo as a charismatic leader who many were drawn to because of his welcoming nature. “The mayor had love and was passionate about uplifting the youth. This was visible in his office where mostly the youth worked and hold high positions.” Ruda said Makhubo detested laziness and demanded everyone to bring their A game. “He wanted us to challenge ourselves. He never slept and would call you at 2am to make changes on certain documents. He literally worked around the clock and I wonder how he created a balance between his personal and work life,” he said. He said Makhubo led with dignity and was a great facilitator for consensus with the ability to engage with other political parties. “He made time for everything effortlessly and passionately. His name and legacy will remain carved in our hearts and minds. May God heal the wounds of the Makhubo family.” Advocate Lindiwe Maseko from City Power Entities Board said is was indeed a sad time for the City of Johannesburg. Makhubo’s funeral will be held in Soweto on Wednesday, 14 July and members of the public can stream it on the city’s social media pages from 9am.