AWARD-winning actor Mpho Molepo’s scored himself a new acting gig. The talented actor’s joined SABC1 drama series Skeem Saam as Jazzy T, replacing Karabo Mokhubela who passed on last July. Speaking to Daily Sun, Mpho said he was excited when he was approached for the role. “I welcome every role I play and every opportunity that I am given with both hands, and I was overjoyed when I was called for the role and I promise the audience that I will not drop the ball as I will give it my all.” Mpho told the People’s Paper Jazzy T will be his usual self, ready to paint the town red. “Settling into the character was very easy. Just like me, Jazzy T is a fun people’s person, so stepping into his shoes was not a challenge at all. It was like playing a more exaggerated version of myself,” he said. Although he’s settled in well into the character, the actor shared that filling another actors’ shoes was never an easy task. “Often people expect you to have same mannerism, same speech patterns and gags if there are any. But I would like to be allowed the creative space and navigate my way through the character,” he said. ALSO READ |SKEEM SAAM ACTOR SCORES A DEGREE Mpho, who’s been part of now canned e.tv soapie Rhythm City since its inception 14 years ago as Fats, also said he was grateful to have landed another role, especially on a show as big as Skeem Saam. “We’re living in a difficult time, with lots of uncertainties. Having a job at this time is definitely a rare commodity and should be respected and appreciated.” He said bidding farewell to the show wasn’t easy. “The show was home away from home. I loved working with every single person, from the hospitality department, crew members, fellow actors, right up to top management.” “The crew were like family to me. We are still in contact. In my world, there is no such thing as hierarchy. Everyone is the same and we respected each other and that is how the years went by so quickly,” he said. Mpho has been acting for almost 20 years. “The arts industry is cold as it can be, but it has really been good to me. I literally grew up in the arts. I started very young. More than anything, I respect the craft. Good work ethics will justify your ideal goals. As an artist, once you start seeing yourself as a celebrity and a star, you hit the ceiling too quickly,” he said.