THEY met in high school when he was 16 years old and fell in love. And they continued to date until they finished school. THEY WENT THEIR SEPARATE WAYS, BUT AMADLOZI SAYS THEY ARE MEANT TO BE TOGETHER! Their love ended when Skhumbuzo Khanye got a job with a construction company in Mpumalanga and they lost contact. READ: GOGO DINEO'S IDLOZI LOVE BACK As fate would have it, the former lovers reconnected on Facebook when Skhumbuzo’s high school sweetheart turned 25. But they did not rekindle their love as they were both seeing other people. Little did the 29-year-old from Etwatwa, Ekurhuleni know that Thandaza Mofokeng (28) was the woman his ancestors had chosen for him. He told Daily Sun he had a hard time finding the right girl and his relationships didn’t last. ALSO READ: MKHULU GETS LOVE BACK AFTER 40 YEARS! “The girls I met used to have their own issues and we ended up breaking up. “I’ve been in several relationships, but nothing worked out. I realised the women I was with did not meet Thandaza’s standard,” he said. But all of this changed in January when Skhumbuzo met a woman by chance while taking a walk. He said the woman introduced herself as a prophet and told him she could see he was struggling with relationships. She told him this was because he had cut ties with the woman who was meant for him and was chosen by his ancestors.  “The prophet told me I needed to go back to my high school sweetheart in order for my love life to get back on track. She said if I didn’t, I would go from one relationship to another,” he said. However, that was not all the prophet told Skhumbuzo. She also told him Thandaza was chosen by his ancestors to bear him children. “I was shocked and had not expected to hear what the prophet told me. I didn’t even ask for her contacts. “All I said was thanks and went back to my place,” said Skhumbuzo, who does not have children. He told the People’s Paper he now wanted Thandaza back as what the prophet said made sense. “I just want my woman back. She’s the one my ancestors want. I want my love back. “She left Etwatwa to live with a relative in Mpumalanga. I will do whatever it takes to win her back,” he said. ALSO READ: IZANGOMA: KOROBELA ENDS IN TEARS! And to show he means business, Skhumbuzo has side hustles to raise money for lobola after he lost his job due to the Covid-19 pandemic. “I help a friend to fix cars and he gets paid for it,” he said. Daily Sun tried to contact Thandaza, but she had not responded by the time of going to print. Prophet Ndaba Hlatshwayo said it was possible to be prophesied by a stranger. “The person can see things in you that are harmful and those that can save your life. “Skhumbuzo needs to try to persuade the woman to fix their relationship for him to find happiness. “If the woman doesn’t honour Skhumbuzo’s request, she also risks being unhappy in her relationship as she has been chosen by the ancestors to be with Skhumbuzo,” Hlatshwayo told the People’s Paper. 