WITH more suspects appearing in various courts across the country, the National Joint Operational and Intelligence Structure (NatJOINTS) has encouraged those who looted to voluntarily return the goods or face possible arrest. NatJOINTS, which is co-chaired by SANDF, SAPS and SSA, has welcomed the influx of calls and tip-offs received via the MySAPS app in both KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng, which saw security forces recovering suspected stolen property. In a statement, NatJOINTS said on Sunday that a total of 3 407 suspects were arrested on various charges, with only one granted bail. About 1 122 were expected to appear in different courts, and the remaining dockets were under investigation. Police spokeswoman Mathapelo Peters said in the concerted response by NatJOINTS, security forces embarked on recovery operations with the collaboration of citizens, some cleaning up their streets and business premises that were affected. “A warning has also been issued to those who were not part of the looting but are buying the goods that they too will be arrested for possession of stolen property. “During integrated operations at a number of hostels in mostly Tembisa, Johannesburg, Alexandra and Moroka over the weekend, 14 suspects were arrested for being in possession of suspected looted property,” Peters said. She said among the goods recovered were bed mattresses, TV sets, couches, fridges, sound systems, computer screens and laptops, steel frames, groceries and clothing items. ALSO READ: MAN LOCKS HIS 4-5 WITH A PADLOCK! Meanwhile, 92 suspects were arrested in KZN over the weekend for being in possession of stolen property. Peters said NatJOINTS also reiterated the call for people to refrain from inciting violence by creating and circulating inflammatory messages that seek to elevate tension, confusion and fear among communities. “These messages instil fear in our communities and undermine the authority of the state. To this end, police in the West Rand in Gauteng arrested two suspects on allegations of creating and circulating messages with the potential of inciting violence,” she said. She said that they were expected to appear at the Randfontein and Westonaria courts respectively. “A third suspect, a 21-year-old woman, was arrested in Ekurhuleni on similar allegations. “She is expected to appear in the Nigel Magistrates Court on Tuesday,” she said. Peters said NatJOINTS was also aware of more messages circulating on various social media platforms. These were threatening to attack police stations and disarm law enforcement officers, attack courts of law and key infrastructure such as fuel pipelines and refineries, and more looting. “The NatJOINTS has mobilised maximum resources to address these threats and heighten visibility. Measures have also been put in place to ensure stability, the protection and safety of those who are not involved in the unrest and wish to go on with their daily routine,” she said.