The Standing Committee On Public Accounts heard on Tuesday, 6 July, that the Hawks have been operating on less than 50% capacity since March because of Covid-19 infections. The committee was expecting updates from the presidency on all Special Investigative Unit (SIU) reports. It was also expecting to hear from the Hawks and NPA on cases referred by the SIU, as well as an update from the unit on investigations into Digital Vibes. The Hawks’ Advocate Godfrey Lebeya said at least 25% of their members had recently contracted Covid-19 and they had lost at least 10 people. “One deputy is recovering from Covid while preparing for her husband’s funeral. Another member meant to attend this meeting has also just been hospitalised.” NPA head Shamila Batohi told the committee the Department of Health should consider the NPA for vaccination, because the virus had effected its capacity. Meanwhile, the committee was disappointed in the Presidency after it couldn’t give an update on the Digital Vibes investigation. The Presidency sent an apology and the SIU could also not attend. Committee chairman Mkhuleko Hlengwa told MPs the SIU had sent correspondence that it had handed over its report to the Presidency on 30 June and additional information was requested on 2 July. “The Presidency is still processing the information, findings, the additional information and the recommendations.” The SIU is investigating the irregular awarding of a R150 million tender to close associates of Health Minister Zweli Mkhize, who since has been placed on special leave by President Cyril Ramaphosa, pending the outcome of the investigation. The SIU was also supposed to give the status of suspended public works director-general, Advocate Sam Vukela. Hlengwa was not impressed with acting Presidency minister Khumbudzo Ntshavheni for not being able to attend the briefing as she was locked in a national coronavirus command council meeting. Hlengwa said the committee always tried its level best to be understanding, accommodating and flexible. He, however, said Parliament’s time also has to be respected. He said not attending meetings placed them in a difficult and unfair position when, at the last minute, they have to put a hold on discussions that could have been held prior.