TEMBA Bavuma has admitted he is still trying to grow as a T20 player while taking on the responsibility of captaining the Proteas. The opening batsman led the Proteas to their first victory in four years away from home, as South Africa edged West Indies 3-2 in a recent T20 series. But the path hasn’t been easy, and it will certainly get tougher as the team build up towards the World Cup. “I take it as a journey,” said Bavuma. “I’ve been given the responsibility early in my T20 career and I’m still trying to grow as a player, while also leading and inspiring the other players. I’m just trying to get better. “The win is a step in the right direction. The challenge now is to get better and better. We have to keep an eye on what is ahead, and we had to find the balance around wanting to win the series but also seeing guys perform in certain roles ahead of the World Cup. “I think we’ve done that, and we’ll take a lot of confidence and clarity from winning against a top quality West Indies outfit. “The execution of your plans is always put under pressure in T20 and I just tried to keep the guys calm. That was my biggest responsibility.” The next stop is Ireland where the Proteas are set to play three ODI and three T20 international matches in Dublin and in Belfast. But Sisanda Magala has been ruled out of the tour after he suffered injury to his left ankle during the Ireland squad’s preparations in Grenada. The projected recovery time is three to four weeks. Beuran Hendricks has been retained from the West Indies tour. Updated Proteas squad to Ireland: Temba Bavuma (captain, Central Gauteng Lions), Quinton de Kock (Northerns), Bjorn Fortuin (Central Gauteng Lions), Beuran Hendricks (Western Province), Reeza Hendricks (Central Gauteng Lions), Heinrich Klaasen (Northerns), George Linde (Western Province), Keshav Maharaj (KwaZulu-Natal Coastal), Janneman Malan (Boland), Aiden Markram (Northerns), David Miller (KwaZulu-Natal Coastal), Wiaan Mulder (Central Gauteng Lions), Lungi Ngidi (Northerns), Anrich Nortje (Eastern Province), Andile Phehlukwayo (KwaZulu-Natal Coastal), Kagiso Rabada (Central Gauteng Lions), Tabraiz Shamsi (Northerns), Rassie van der Dussen (Central Gauteng Lions), Kyle Verreynne (Western Province) and Lizaad Williams (Northerns).