Media personality Ntando Duma recently found herself in hot water. This comes after an old video of her arguing with an old white woman after she parked in a spot meant for people living with disability surfaced on social media. In the video, the woman can be heard asking Ntando why she is parking in the spot because it says it’s for people who use wheelchairs. The actress then asks the woman how she knows she’s not using a wheelchair, and they go on to have an argument about the incident. Ntando can be heard swearing at the woman and then promising to moer her. After the video surfaced, the TV presenter and actress released a statement apologising, saying the video is old. “In light of a recording from last year which has recently surfaced, I would like to apologise unreservedly as I fully understand that my behaviour was unacceptable,” she said. “I have deep respect for why disabled parking and other facilities exist and the decision to park in that bay was not frivolous as I was instructed to park in there by the food establishment given that this was a quick pick up which didn’t require me waiting or leaving the car for too long. “I at no point refused anyone access to this parking and this was the point I tried to explain to the lady before the altercation. To that end, I do not wish to justify my behaviour on that day,” she said. ALSO READ | MZANSI ARTISTS TO HELP ESWATINI She said the issue is that this matter could have and should have been handled better. “Once again, I apologise to everyone who was offended by my actions,” she said in her lengthy statement. Although Ntando apologised, people were still furious about the matter. Some went as far as making fun of her acting skills. “Someone please tell Ntando Duma that being a terrible actress is not a disability,” Elaine Crow said. While Tshiri Gwandamatha said: “Hayibo, that live by Ntando Duma is so vile and ableist. She’s rightfully called out for parking in a spot reserved for disabled people and then swears and misuses race to defend her actions.” While Cynthia said: “She is wrong for using the disabled parking but I’m not angry at how she dealt with that white lady. White people see us as inferior beings! They would have never called out one of their own like that! It happens all the time and they just walk passed like it’s nothing.” The reason why Ntando Duma is trending ??I think she was way out of line and rude.#missSa2021 | mpofu | #nyannyan Bafana Bafana , judge mnguni. Ig live video. pic.twitter.com/17siDVVQdX 