THE legal battle between GladAfrica Championship side, Royal AM, and the PSL is getting nasty and seem far from over. As reported in SunSport last week, Royal AM submitted an application to the Joburg High Court where they are demanding that the league enforce Judge AJ Nyathi’s order, declaring actions of the PSL to remove them from top of the GladAfrica Championship as unlawful, and that they should be reinstated. Added to their new application, which will be heard in the High Court on 13 July, Royal AM are now calling on the highest court to order an imprisonment of the PSL’s acting chief executive, Mato Madlala, for a period of 30 days “wholly suspended, on condition that she forthwith gives effect to the orders sought” by Nyathi. “A warrant of committal is to be issued by the registrar of the court pursuant to an order...” read part of the document seen by SunSport. Royal AM’s Head of Legal, Happy Godi, emphasised again that the PSL is in contempt of court and there should be consequences. “Being in contempt is a criminal matter. That is why in our application we say, if it’s found the PSL to be in contempt, then there should be consequences,” said Godi. “Defying the court order is a criminal case. We have a court order and anyone who does not respect it should be punished. “If the court finds that the PSL is guilty, there should be consequences, not only arrest, but there’s an option of a fine. “In such a case, there isn’t a direct order of imprisonment because you cannot arrest a company. However, if you feel that the accounting authority acted recklessly in the conduct of the business of that juristic person, there could be an order of incarceration of the accounting authority. Or even impose a sanction of a fine.” When Godi was asked about this matter now getting ugly, he said: “It has always been nasty. You cannot say it was not nasty when we’re removed from number one (on the Championship log) and we lose our position, prize money and the promotion. ‘Then why wouldn’t we fight for that? That is gross injustice to the person who has won fair and square in the field of play, and not in court. We are not asking for something that we did not earn, but something that is due to us.” He said all this is not due to Royal AM’s incompetency, but that of the PSL, which is now affecting them. “The Nyathi order was clear that the conduct of the PSL ‘is inconsistent with the constitution and PAJA (Promotion of Administrative Justice Act)’. Then why should we play in the play-offs?” said Godi. “We should be promoted, and who plays in the play-offs is not our decision. The PSL is so incompetent that they might find another team to play in the play-offs. I wouldn’t put it past them.” It’s clear that the start of the 2021-22 DStv Premiership might be affected by these never ending legal battles, and Godi said they would do anything legally possible to ensure that the league does not start until the matter is resolved. “That is why we are in court next week,” added Godi. “The outcome of Tuesday (13 July) will decide on how we move forward. Between now and Tuesday, we’re operating on the basis that we have an appeal, but have not been allocated a date for the hearing by the Supreme Court of Appeal. “That is our legal position. If Tuesday’s outcome is in our favour, then it would mean we’re number one and we get promoted. Then we don’t have to fight beyond that.”