Mihlali Ndamase is accused of being insensitive by social media users. In the midst of everything that is happening in Mzansi, the influencer and content creator wrote something that rubbed Mzansi the wrong way. "When are we looting Merc", Mihlali Okes defending Mihlali??????But if it was Pearl Thusi who tweeted that-????????Pearl has suffered! tweeted. She was dragged all day for the tweet. She later apologized but even with that apology, black twitter continued dragging her. "With immediate retraction, I’d like to apologize for the tweet I published earlier. I jokingly put that out without considering the harm it may cause given my position. The intent wasn’t to be insensitive," said Mihlali. Yhu ndiyadlala ??  She also said Mercedes Benz is one of her favourite car brands, hence the joke. "Of course I wouldn’t wish that on any business or person. This is a lesson learned and once again, I sincerely apologize," said Mihlali. Thandile Swae questioned why people are comparing jokes made by nobodies to 'a joke' made by a prominent influencer. She further stated that Mihlali was on Forbes magazine because of her ability to influence masses of people into doing things she suggests that they do but today they are acting like her words have no impact. Dumisane said not so long ago Mihlali said she's not feeling well, someone joked about her being pregnant and Mihlali lashed out. "So now Mihlali joked about more looting which means more job losses. Where do we draw the line for jokes?" he said. Sithale Kgaogelo said, what Mihlali said instigates vandalism and looting, one of the wrongs that the President said will be punished. "But because she is your fav we must turn a blind eye until it settles," he said. Must be something in those makeup brushes or foundation because wow. Don’t tell me that she didn’t ask to be anyone’s role model as public figure you have an equal responsibility, that accompanies your fame and somethings should stay in your drafts. Please. pic.twitter.com/ElINe3p60Y I'm Suprised y'all still get shocked by what Mihlali says..Mihlali Ndamase never been smart from day one.She stayed relevant this long because of her ass..It's her ass that is influencial to horny men not her brain.. 