THOUSANDS of looters and criminals have rushed to loot and destroy. But many thousands of heroes from all over Mzansi have come forward to start the tough task of rebuilding and restoring what has been ripped apart. In Soweto, #iLoveMyCommunity has begun a cleaning up campaign. Mnqobi Mfundisi told Daily Sun they will be out in numbers, helping where they can. “The sooner shops and malls reopen, the sooner our shopping resumes. We encourage more people to join this initiative so we can bring back dignity.” The Rebuild South Africa group created on Facebook by Emelda Masango from Soweto has over 19 000 followers. Most ask how they can donate food and be available to clean up the mess.  Emelda only expected a few people to volunteer to help clear the worst affected areas in Soweto. “Instead, we have been contacted by agencies, companies, media outlets and many volunteers. I’m proud and overwhelmed. I have team members who volunteered as we navigate our gesture of peace and love.” On Facebook Gaby Frawley said: “Definitely we are not alone. No more talk, We are ready for action. Let’s make this country greater than it ever was.” Santaco in Tshwane directed all taxi associations in the region to protect malls in the city against rising looting. Tshwane chairman Abner Tsebe said the taxi industry anticipated the events in Joburg spreading to Tshwane.  He said they warned people to stop looting. “You’ll find the industry waiting. This vandalism will destroy jobs and affect the taxi industry. It is in our interest to stand against this thuggery.” Their efforts don’t replace law enforcement but they’ll move in for protection. Garankuwa Local and Long-Distance Taxi Association Secretary Phillip Letlape said they aimed to protect malls and complexes so people have jobs. “We’re prepared to guard malls day and night.”  National Taxi Alliance spokesman Theo Malele said their business has been seriously affected by the looting. “The very people doing this are going to live with the consequences of unemployment, lack of amenities and a threat to food security while the transport business is losing. We call on the broader community to desist from such acts.” 