The unrest
in Tshwane appears to have been quelled with no major incidents of rioting or
looting having taken place since Wednesday. In a
statement on Thursday, Tshwane Mayor Randall Williams said the city remained
calm. He added
that law enforcement agencies are still in place to quell any disruptions and
criminality across the city. "The
deployment covers the entire city with a special focus on shopping centres and
volatile areas," Williams said. "Our
law enforcement deployment reflects our stance of zero tolerance for
criminality and looting. On the ground, we have over a thousand personnel on
special deployment." This
included the Tshwane Metro Police Department (TMPD), the SA Police Service as
well as members of the SA National Defence Force. "The
deployment also includes 100 SAPS vehicles together with 52 TMPD vehicles. This
will enable our teams to respond speedily to any possible incidents of
violence," he said. Williams
said he was grateful that communities had united against criminality and
looting. "It is
truly inspiring to see our residents, local taxi associations, community
policing forums banding together to prevent lawlessness in the capital
city," he said. "I
would like to encourage our communities to keep this spirit of unity, working
together with law enforcement to keep Tshwane safe and functioning optimally. "It is
clear the residents of this city want to carry on with their lives and ensure
that Tshwane remains free of looting and criminality." Various
parts of Tshwane experienced small pockets of unrest earlier this week, with
Mamelodi hit the hardest. On Monday
evening, the widespread looting and destruction of property that had been
witnessed in KwaZulu-Natal, Johannesburg and Ekurhuleni spilt over into
Tshwane. Thousands
of looters descended on Mams Mall on Monday night, outnumbering and
overpowering the police and private security. The mall was gutted during the
evening. By Tuesday
morning, it resembled a wasteland as shop owners and employees tried to make
sense of what had happened. Liquor
bottles, clothing and rubber bullets were strewn across the parking lot. Denlyn
Mall, also in Mamelodi, was also attacked, but police and private security
managed to maintain control of the area, and the looting was limited. By Tuesday
evening, police and Tshwane metro officers were engaged in running battles with
looters, keeping them away from Mams Mall. No
incidents have been reported since Wednesday. SOURCE:
NEWS24 