ONE person has died as the province is flaring up and thieves continue to loot. Gauteng roads have become unsafe as police continue to clash with looters. Since early morning on Monday, 12 July, police have been firing rubber bullets to disperse people who were looting. In some areas, police were visibly outnumbered by looters, who threw stones at them. A person was declared dead near Letsogo Mall in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni, during a stampede. Many shopping malls and centres have also been affected in Soweto, Ekurhuleni, Hillbrow and Fordsburg Oriental Plaza. Residents were seen making their way with stolen goods including booze, clothes, food and furniture.  Some looters included women who were caught red-handed with stolen goods, were apprehended. So far, at least 96 suspects were arrested and facing various charges including public violence, business burglary, malicious damage to property and contravention of the Disaster Management Act lockdown regulations. The violent protest started following the incarceration of former president Jacob Zuma, who was sentenced to 15 months in jail and is being held at Estcourt Correctional Services in KZN. Meanwhile, the Constitutional Court is hearing a bid by Zuma to have his imprisonment sentence reviewed.  Soweto resident Sindi Makhubela said: “This is no longer about Zuma but pure theft. Sadly, they are destroying their own infrastructure and taking away jobs. When all these have settled, black communities will be feeling the heat as there will be no jobs and malls. We are destroying our own in the name of Zuma.”  Another resident said: “People are hungry. They don’t care about Zuma. They saw an opportunity to provide for their families and used it. If government gave people jobs, none of this looting would have happened, hence it’s not happening in the suburbs because they are rich.”  Traffic update: In Cleveland, the M2 is closed off due to traffic in both directions approaching Cleveland Road. In Finetown in Ennerdale, the N1 is closed off to traffic approaching the Grasmere Toll Plaza.  In Vosloorus and Spruitview in Ekurhuleni, unrest and looting around Naledi Mall has affected several routes. Joburg CBD is quiet at the moment, but the M2 East is closed and cars are forced off at Joe Slovo.  On the M2 highway, the road is closed near Benrose and Cleveland On Sunday night, the N1/N12 were closed off with rocks and burning tyres between Freedom Park and Naturena in the south of Joburg. This is a developing story.