THE family of a taxi boss, who was among the number of people killed in Phoenix, Durban, during the unrest, wants justice. Pat Mtambo (49) and two friends left H section in Ntuzuma on Monday, 12 July, looking for petrol. But on Saturday, he was lying dead in a government mortuary. One of his friends is nursing his injuries at home and another one is still missing. Pat’s daughter, Hlengiwe Mtambo, said the family became worried when he stopped answering his phone. They then opened a missing persons case. The next day, his taxi was tracked to Phoenix, but they couldn’t find it. “Residents told us about a taxi that had overturned on the same day,” said Hlengiwe. “We eventually found him in a mortuary with open wounds, gunshot wounds and half burnt.” “We want justice because we don’t know why black people are being killed.” The friend who was in the taxi with Pat said he fled when a crowd, speaking English, stormed the taxi, which overturned. He hid in the bushes. “I overheard the mob asking my friends what they were doing in the area. “I also heard gunshots,” he said. He said he woke up the following day in hospital. Police Minister Bheki Cele said a team of 10 detectives would investigate the killing of 20 people. Meanwhile, people making voice notes claiming that the Gcaba brothers were involved in the unrest might find themselves in hot water. According to the notes, the KZN taxi family is planning to send taxis, buses and trucks to cause more violence. The family has hired a private investigator to track down the people who made the notes. Mandla Gcaba said: “We don’t know the people behind the messages. As much as we support Jacob Zuma, we will never engage in things that are against the law.” He said they would open a criminal case on Monday, 19 July. Police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said cops would determine the case to be opened. Meanwhile, Operation Khipha Islip was in full swing over the weekend in parts of Gauteng. A witness told Daily Sun that it was sad to see neighbours crying as police confiscated stolen furniture. Koketso Mohlaka from Diepkloof, Soweto said: “My neighbour had clothes, furniture and groceries removed. A lot of us are starving, but I didn’t ruin people’s livelihoods because of it.” Joburg Metro spokesman Xolani Fihla said officers had received tip-offs from residents.