THE sandpits will be a lonely place for long jumper Ruswahl Samaai at the Tokyo Olympics. His compatriot, competitor and friend, Luvo Manyonga, is missing in action. Manyonga will not feature at the leading sporting event later this month after he was slapped with a four-year ban for whereabouts failures. This leaves the spotlight entirely on Samaai, the two-time Commonwealth Games bronze medallist. “It helps to have a competitor, a compatriot and a friend in the competition. The Brits and Americans always have a compatriot and that boosts them in many ways where they always communicate with one another,” Samaai told SunSport from his base in Italy. “I miss him (Manyonga) being there as a rival, as a compatriot and a competitor. It is the competitiveness, the rivalry as well as the friendship… in how we manage to drive one another within a competition. “We always strive to give our best but at the same time help one another to reach our best. Luvo will come to me during the competition and ask for advice. It’s never about me. “The entire country is watching us, and we have to go out there and get medals, make ourselves and the country proud.” Admittedly, pressure will be enormous on Samaai to carry the hopes of the nation. But he is up to the task. “The thing about us going out there is that there is always a guarantee of a medal,” he said. “But being alone as a South African in the field is difficult. I have no one to talk to and to relate to. However, it is not a problem. I’ve been there before. I know the business.” Samaai certainly knows the business, going for his second Olympics. At the 2017 World Championships, he bagged bronze while Manyonga clinched gold. He finished ninth in his last appearance in the Rio Olympics, with a leap of 7.97m. This time he goes to the Olympics with a best leap of 8.16m, registered at the SA Championships in Tshwane in April. He clocked 8.06m in Lucerne last week and will wrap up his preparation at the Monaco Diamond League on Thursday before he flies out to Tokyo. “Everything is leading to Tokyo. I’m not hoping for the jump, but I’m going for the best jump,” he added.