THE 15-YEAR-OLD girl went to the prophet because she had a headache, but he saw her as a wife. The girl found herself trapped in a strange house being traded by her gogo into ukuthwala. She’s been saved but it is not known to what extent she has already suffered! Child activist Petros Majola is calling for a harsh sentence for a prophet (50) accused of attempting to marry a 15-year-old girl through ukuthwala and allegedly forcing the underage girl to have sex with him. “We rescued the girl from the prophet after we were tipped off by the community of Coza in Nyandeni about this forced marriage,” Petros of Khula Community Development told Daily Sun. The girl was rescued on Tuesday morning by Petros and cops in Libode a day before the lobola negotiations. “According to the girl who was doing grade 7 she went to the prophet when she had a headache, instead he abducted her. She has been staying for days with the prophet performing housewife duties, allegedly including sex. Petros said the prophet and the girl’s gogo were arranging the forced marriage. “This coming weekend the girl’s family was going to enter into lobola negotiations with the prophet,” said Petros. “Apparently the prophet said he had dreams that he should marry this girl. Gogo agreed as the girl’s mum lives in Joburg.” Petros rejected the prophet’s dream. “We’ve learnt that this was his third victim using the same trick.” Petros said arranged or forced marriages are a threat to young girls. “Parents make the arrangements and find in-laws for their children,” he said A relative of the child who alerted the cops said: “The gogo of the girl was pushed by her younger sister to arrange this marriage to get money.” She said the girl has mental health problems. “Her sister recruited her into this church claiming that she would be healed by the prophet. The lobola negotiations were supposed to start on Wednesday and gogo was told to ask for six cows.” Brigadier Kinana confirmed that a girl (15) was abducted about two weeks ago. “It’s alleged that the marriage was arranged by the suspect believed to be a church leader aged 50 and the grandmother, aged 66,” said Kinana. “A case of abduction and rape were opened for further investigation. Two suspects have been bust, and one of them is believed to be the grandmother to the child.” He said the victim has been kept in a place of safety. The suspects are expected to appear in court once they’re charged.  