LEGENDARY singer Tsepo Tshola has died. The internationally renowned musician was apparently hospitalised over a week ago after he contracted Covid-19 and died on Thursday, 15 July due to complications caused by the virus. According to an article by Lesotho Express, the music icon’s brother Liteboho Tsola confirmed that Tsepo died in his home village of Teyateyaneng in Lesotho. The Ho Lokile-singer was 66 years old at the time of his death. Since the death of the award-winning musician, heartfelt messages of condolences have been pouring.Sipho Moatshe paid his respects and said: “May the Mighty God be with the family and friends during these difficult times. Thank you for healing our hearts with your songs.” ALSO READ | UZALO AN DURBAN GEN SUSPEND SHOOTING While actress Terry Phetho said she was gutted.“My late dad and I loved Ntate Tsepo Tshola so much. This is so sad. Rest In Peace and thank you for the beautiful music Ntate.”While Ezra said: “One of my favourite musicians of all time...I'm so hurt, RIP Legend...Robala ka kagisho Ntate Tshepo Tshola.” While Katlego Nyoni said: “We are losing so many of our legends, so hearbreaking.”Music organisation, Sampra said: “Our deepest condolences to the Tshola family, friends, and industry colleagues. Thank you for the music, your work will forever live on.”WHO WAS TSEPO TSHOLA His music started after he joined teen boy band, The Lesotho Blue Diamonds as a vocalist in 1970. Before embarking on a solo career, Tsepo was a lead vocalist for the popular Lesotho band, Sankomota alongside Frank Leepa (guitarist, vocalist, arranger, composer), Moss Nkofo (drummer), Black Jesus (percussion), Moruti Selate, Tsepo Tshola (lead vocalist, composer), Pitso Sera (guitar), among others. They went on to release about nine albums. Their popular songs include Stop The War and Papa just to mention a few. He’s been in the industry for more than 40 years. Tsepo has worked with a lot of South African artists including Jub Jub on Ke Kopa Tshwarelo, Thandiswa Mazwai on Ndilinde, the late Hugh Masekela on Tsoang Tsoang and Dr Rebecca Malope on Pelo Le Moya just to mention a few. The Village Pope! A legendary son of the African sound has fallen. With a laughter that rumbled like a storm and a voice that sang to the bones, I can’t believe we won’t see him again. I first met him the same year I met bra Hugh, they were tight as thieves&visited my high school pic.twitter.com/zCeRUKyixf — Thandiswa Mazwai (@thandiswamazwai) July 15, 2021 It breaks my heart to hear these news , Words cannot even begin to express our sorrow.I’m praying that God gives us all the strength & comfort to get through this difficult time. The world has lost an incredible life .??????R.I.P Tshepo Tshola #TheVillagePope #TshepoTshola pic.twitter.com/5PrZohiKMy   Rest in perfect peace Ntate Tshepo Tshola. Thank you for sharing your powerful gift with us. Your music lives on. ? Rea leboga. ???????? #RIPNtateTshepoTsholapic.twitter.com/GHeWfaW8sc RIP TSHEPO TSHOLA .I was just jamming to his song 2 days ago ????. Your music will live forever in your heats #RIPTshepoTshola pic.twitter.com/uFRbHB8EUO — Chymamusique (@Chymamusique) July 15, 2021 It breaks my heart to hear these news , Words cannot even begin to express our sorrow.I’m praying that God gives us all the strength & comfort to get through this difficult time. The world has lost an incredible life .??????R.I.P Tshepo Tshola #TheVillagePope #TshepoTshola pic.twitter.com/5PrZohiKMy      