AS LONG ago as 2001 Xolisile Mthethwa knew that Mzansi was going to face a deadly disease, but nobody listened. Now the disease has the nation in its grip and Mthethwa says the state should have heeded her warning. BUT MTHETHWA WARNS HER PROPHECY STILL STANDS – AND AGAIN NOBODY IS LISTENING! THE 57-year-old from Kagiso, Mogale City, told Daily Sun she believed that disease ended up being Covid-19. She said she received the prophecy many years ago and sent a warning to the government but no one believed her. Daily Sun has seen a letter she received from the office of the president in 2005 acknowledging her plea to meet with the president. But later she was informed that the president would not be able to meet her.  On Thursday 8 July, Mthethwa and a group of supporters went to the Union Buildings in Tshwane to present the prophecy again. “This prophecy dates from 2001 when a voice from above spoke to me and said I needed to warn those in power about a deadly disease that was coming,” she said. She said she started writing to the presidency in 2005, requesting a meeting. “But I could see people thought it was madness. After the world was hit by Covid-19, I knew God meant this virus,” she said.  Mthethwa said Thursday was not her first visit to the Union Buildings.  “In 2007, I took the stone there and they told me I needed a mental evaluation,” she said. She said she approached Reverend Kenneth Meshoe, who allowed her to speak about her prophecy at his church. “Funds were raised for me to get a proper stone on which to write my final prophecy,” she said. Reverend Meshoe confirmed that he knew Mthethwa, but said he was not involved in the events she described. “This is something that happened some time ago. It’s possible that church members might have helped her with some money, but the church is not involved in this,” he said.  Shonisani Mudau from the Presidency said Mthethwa would receive a letter of acknowledgement within 14 days, and the matter would be referred to the South African Council of Churches. 