 SHE was troubled and was told she needed to serve her ancestors. So she went to a gobela to thwasa. But instead of serving her ancestors, Nokulunga Zakwe ended up serving her gobela. This is because he allegedly gave her korobela and she found herself falling madly in love with him. And her feelings for him were so strong she cried whenever the gobela went somewhere. “I wanted to be with him all the time. I would even propose going with him whenever he went somewhere just so I’m with him all the time,” she said. She said she no longer visited her family and only wanted to be with the gobela. “I was no longer being trained as a sangoma, but was a makoti.” As if this was not bad enough, Nokulunga, who is from Spruitview in Ekurhuleni, was willing to move to Cape Town with the gobela. And this is when her mum suspected something was not right. “He wanted us to move to Cape town and I agreed. “But my mum was not happy with the way things were going,” she said. Nokulunga said her mum invited her over and asked her to accompany her somewhere. “She did not tell me we were going to a sangoma. “The sangoma told me I was given korobela and that the decision to leave my family to live with the gobela was going to backfire, especially as I didn’t love him, but was under a spell,” she said. The sangoma then mixed some muthi for Nokulunga to drink. “I drank it and vomited in a bucket. Muthi came out when I vomited. The sangoma gave me more muthi to use at home,” she said. Nokulunga said she drank the muthi again like she was told and she vomited more muthi. “It was like I was blind the whole time and was now regaining my eyesight. “I realised I had never loved the man I was crazy in love with and I knew I was never going to be in love with him,” she said. Nokulunga confronted the gobela and he confessed that he had used korobela on her. “He wanted us to continue with the relationship. I was so disgusted. I felt like he abused his power. “I went to him looking for help, but he took advantage and fed me korobela. I still have not completed ukuthwasa,” she said. She warned other thwasas to be careful of gobelas. Nokulunga’s mum, Siviwe, (68) told Daily Sun she knew something was wrong when her daughter changed. “I’m lucky I was able to rescue her. My daughter was troubled and when she went to consult with this gobela, she was told her ancestors wanted her to serve them. “I became worried when she stopped serving the ancestors and became the gobela’s lover,” she said. Siviwe urged families to constantly check on their loved ones when they go to thwasa as some gobelas don’t have good intentions. Ubuhle Be Ngcugce, a community council of the CRL Rights Commission, condemned what the gobela did to Nokulunga. Mtimande Ngwenya from the organisation told Daily Sun they went looking for the gobela after the matter was brought to their attention by Siviwe. But when they got to the place the gobela rented, he had left. “We won’t tolerate traditional healers who abuse their power to have their way with amathwasa. “We will deal with them harshly,” said Ngwenya. The People’s Paper attempts to get hold of the gobela were unsuccessful.