There has been a last minute twist on Marumo Gallants' appointment of a new coach. First, the Limpopo-based side were keen on former AmaZulu and Thanda Royal Zulu coach Roger Palmgren and was supposed to announce him on Wednesday afternoon. But SunSport learnt later on Wednesday that the deal between Palmgren and Gallants collapsed. And now the Nedbank Cup champions opted for the France-born coach Sebastien Migne, who spent his entire coaching career in Africa. The 48-year-old will be assisted by former Black Leopards assistant coach Jean-Francois Losciuto. The Belgium-born Lusciuto worked at Lidoda Duvha in 2016. Migne is not new in the African continent as he has coached in Kenya, DR Congo and Equatorial Guinea. In 2013 Migne was in Congo where he led their U-20 team and took over their senior team from 2017–2018, he then moved on to take over Kenya from 2019 until early last year when he moved to Equatorial Guinea until now when he joined the Limpopo side. Migne arrived in Polokwane on Wednesday afternoon along with Losciuto, 49, who has worked in various African countries including Equatorial Guinea (Future Kings) and Egypt (Tala ea El Geish Sporting Club). He also coached Black Leopards and Richards Bay F.C in South Africa. Both Migne and Losciuto hold UEFA qualifications and are excited about being part of Gallants.  The club also announced the appointment of former footballer, Harris Chueu, as the team’s new Technical Director, as reported by SunSport. The 60-year-old has extensive experience within the football fraternity and amongst others, he worked for Mamelodi Sundowns, Orlando Pirates and SuperSport United. In a statement to confirm all the signings, Gallants chairman, Ditonkana Sello, welcomed all the club’s appointments and believes that he has a strong team to compete in the next season. “It is an exciting time for us as a team to bring in such experienced individuals. We will be able to participate confidently in the PSL and the CAF Championship. I would also like to thank my technical management for working hard in the last few weeks to identify such good talent”, says Sello. Sello also added that the experience of Chueu as the Technical Director is of importance to the team. “We believe through his guidance we will be in a position to achieve our goals. Last season was not an easy ride as we were amongst the teams fighting relegation, but we survived and also won the Nedbank Cup,” added Sello. It now remains to be seen which role Mpho Maleka and David Mathebula will play next season. The duo worked as assistants last season to former coach Dylan Kerr.