BAFANA Bafana got their COSAFA Cup campaign off to a decent start, at least as far as results are concerned. They edged Botswana 1-0 in their opener played at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Tuesday. Kagiso Malinga came off the bench to score the solitary goal and hand Bafana the all-important three points. The Swallows FC striker, who replaced Thabang Sibanyoni in the second half, struck an accurate shot from an awkward angle to beat Ezekiel Morake in the Botswana goal. The result sent Bafana into second place on the Group A standings behind Eswatini who beat Lesotho 3-1 in their clash. The two sides will next meet on Thursday as they do battle for top spot.Bafana, who have been dealt a blow by Covid-19, only had three substitutes on the bench. They were also without coach Helman Mkhalele, who will now miss the tournament after he tested positive for the virus. Morena Ramoreboli was on the bench as Bafana coach. He handed new Orlando Pirates signing Monnapule Saleng a start on the right along with TS Galaxy starlet Ethan Brooks. SuperSport United's Thatayaone Ditlhokwe was one of the familiar faces in the Botswana team. Bafana enjoyed a lot of the ball in the early stages with Brooks and man of the match Siyethemba Sithebe dictating the play in midfield. But they had to wait until the second half to finally pierce the Zebras defence through super-sub Malinga. Sithebe, who had a good game in midfield alongside Brooks and Siphelele Mkhulise, was delighted with the opportunity to represent his country. “I was tasked to sit deep and control things, start the build-up and progress play. I think I was able to do that,” Sithebe told SuperSport TV. “I’m excited about the opportunity, we all wish to represent our countries so I really appreciate the opportunity.” Bafana coach for the tourney, Ramoreboli, was also pleased with the positive start but insists they need to back it up with a similar result against Eswatini. “We needed to start well, but that was not enough, we had to also play exciting football,” said Ramoreboli. “We tried to do that, I’m happy with how we played. We now go back and work harder to try and build on this result in the next match. “ 