REALITY TV star Tholang Motsumi has finally found love. The star from Moja Love’s The Way Ngingakhona was struggling to find love and shared her story on the first season. Season two returned on Tuesday, 4 May and she revealed her boyfriend, Bongani. The Way Ngingakhona follows media personality Inno Matijane and his two friends, MJ Maponya and Tholang. Tholang shared about her love life in the previous season and spoke about how she got rejected a lot because she’s transgender. Her story touched the show’s followers and they had been saying they hope she finally finds love. In the previous season, she had a relationship with Chris, but once he found out she was transgender, he rejected her. On the reunion with TV presenter Nomsa Buthelezi-Shezi, he said he was afraid of being judged by people. Speaking to Daily Sun, Tholang said the support she got from Mzansi in the previous season showed her a different side of South Africans. “Last season was wonderful. What I took away from it was that if you have a problem or had a bad experience in life, speak about it. So you offload and not have suicidal thoughts. Talking about my struggles helped me,” she said. ALSO READ | THE RIVER: EMMA’S MUM IS SO SELFISH! “I got to touch so many hearts. People came to me with their stories. Knowing that I wasn’t alone made me feel better. It gave me the urge and need to start afresh. South Africans were so kind to me, they understood what I went through. I got to notice that South Africa is a great country,” said Tholang. Tholang said finding love has been one of the greatest things for her. But while viewers have only seen Bongani so far, it’s about to get heated. “Finding love is like finding hidden treasure you were lucky to find. I found love with Bongani and it’s been amazing. But my ex, Chris, showed up. Although he had rejected me, we got back together. What I am feeling is an unexplainable feeling. But I found love and I am happy,” said Tholang. She said people should expect to see both Bongani and Chris this season. “I’m in love with two men. I love Bongani and I love Chris, and they love me back. At this stage, I’m not sure how it’s gonna go. But people must keep on watching to see what will happen with my situation,” she said. Tholang said more drama is coming this season, not just from her, but from Inno and MJ as well. “The show will be full of drama and a lot of growth. There’s a lot to expect. I’m not even sure where to start. I did an ancestral ritual that I had wanted to do, to introduce myself to my ancestors, as a woman now,” she said. “There’s also more fights between Inno and I because we’re always arguing. This season, the issue is that he instigates things then ends up saying they’re wrong. He must be called out,” said Tholang. Catch Tholang on The Way Ngingakhona every Tuesday at 9.30pm on Moja Love.