CHIPPA Mpengesi is just “ridiculous!” The “surprised and frustrated” Vladislav Heric told SunSport on Wednesday that he was fired by the Chippa United boss with a “text” message nogal. This is the umpteenth coach that Mpengesi has fired this season, including Dan “Dance” Malesela, Siyabulela Gwambi who was acting in that capacity, as well as controversial Luc Eymael, who was appointed to the technical advisor role but was excused from the post even before he started. The trigger-happy Mpengesi has made it a habit of hiring and firing coaches for fun. Now the 54-year-old Serbian coach said he is embarrassed and doesn’t know what he’s going to tell his wife and children. “Maybe you can tell me why he fired me,” said Heric. “Why would you fire someone with a text message? This is unprofessional of him. I’ve always known that such things have been happening here, but never thought he’d do it again.” He was fired after having been in charge of six matches – five in the league and one in the Nedbank Cup final, which they lost to 1-0 to fellow strugglers Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). “I mean, I have won two, drawn two and lost once in the DStv (Premiership),” sighed Heric. “I’m a family man and doesn’t deserve to be treated in this manner.” He spoke to SunSport while packing up his stuff from the official club house and clearing paperwork at what used to be his office at Chippa. “I will stay for a while in Gqeberha where I have a football development academy. I will watch them play on Saturday. From here my next step is a flight to Cape Town where my family lives,” said Heric . He could have been a victim of their 2-1 loss to Bloemfontein Celtic on Tuesday, which could have freaked the hell out Mpengesi, and he loaded his gun in anger. Talking after this defeat, Heric said: “These are the consequences of losing the final, they (players) were down (and) have not recovered. I also believe the tough (recent) game against Black Leopards where we could not get maximum points (0-0), which we deserved (to win) and that affected the mental health of my players. Their season is now left with two matches to go where they are on the brink of relegation – placed 15th on the log with a paltry 25 points from 28 matches. “Vladislav was just a complete disaster. He didn’t see eye to eye with the club chairman, who got fed up with his antics,” our source in the club told SunSport. Mpengesi left every South African perplexed when he hired Eymael, who was persona non grata in the country for political reasons, following his comments in Tanzania where he called people dogs and monkeys. Realising his blunder, Mpengesi’s club released a statement: “Chippa have decided not to continue with Eymael’s appointment, who will proceed to return to Belgium. It is clear that Eymael himself requires further time to clear his name.” Chippa are away to fellow strugglers TTM on 2 June, in what could be seen as a repeat of the Nedbank Cup semi-final, and complete their season at home to SuperSport United on 5 June. Last season, they managed to save their top-flight status on the last day of the season, thanks to the astute guidance of coach Clinton Larsen. ) Additional reporting by MTHOKOZISI MKHONZA