ABOUT 4 360 residents who registered to vote in Ward 25 in Wednesday’s by-elections in Maluti-a-Phofung Municipality in the Free State came in their numbers. The voting process went well in the three voting stations – Phamong voting station, and Kwetlisong and Letsibolo primary schools. The contesting political parties included the ANC, MAP16 Civic Movement, EFF, the Afrikan Alliance of Social Democrats, as well as two independent councillors. Other opposition parties in Maluti-a-Phofung Municipality council decided not to contest but to give their supporters a directive to vote for MAP16 Civic Movement in an attempt to expand opposition strength in the council. Dikwankwetla Party of South Africa leader Moeketsi Lebesa told Daily Sun: “We’ve taken a conscious decision not to contest this by-election so as to not split much needed votes. We need only three seats to change the composition of the municipal council. “We decided to support MAP16, and if they win that will be a win for all opposition parties in the council and the community at large.” Speaking to Daily Sun, IEC regional assistant manager Simangele Skhosana said they started with special votes on Tuesday, 18 May. In terms of the number of approved applications they received, 50% showed up to the voting stations. “I can confirm our stations are busy and people are showing up to cast their votes,” she said. The by-elections were prompted by the death of Ward 25 councillor Connie Rammoane in November 2020. Deputy Minister of Communications Pinky Kekana visited Letsibolo voting station. “As a national deployee of the ANC Thabo Mofutsanyana District, we’re confident that we’ll govern this ward again. We learned about water and electricity challenges and we promise to put everything under control,” said Kekana. Independent political analyst Richard Tukula said all political parties wish to take this ward because the controversial ANC chief whip in the Legislature, Vusi Tshabalala, is from there. The SunTeam has learned that most of the voters are elderly people.