TV presenter and award-winning journalist Masa Kekana, who hosts M-Net’s ground-breaking current affairs show Carte Blanche, is excited about their nod at this year’s South African Film and Television Awards (Saftas). The People’s Paper recently caught up with the talented media personality, and she spoke about some of the highlights of hosting the award-winning show. “I have too many highlights. But if I had to pinpoint three, it would be the people I’ve met covering stories, direct positive changes to communities and individuals who we have assisted through our investigations, as well as the love I received from my Carte Blanche family during my darkest time when my dad sadly passed away,” she said. The 34-year-old presenter, who said her life changed after she started presenting as it gave her purpose, said it felt good to be nominated among the best. “We have been nominated alongside Checkpoint and other great current affairs shows, and it feels incredible. I’ve never considered being recognised among the best because my objective is never recognition. But being recognised is incredible,” she added. ALSO READ | JACK MABASO LAID TO REST Masa who holds a Bachelors degree in Political Science and History from the University of the Western Cape  said that in coming weeks, Mzansi can expect inspiring stories of ordinary South Africans. She added that her journey had been quite long and gruelling. “This is from when I started out as a radio journalist with many highs and some lows. My life has been changing gradually with each year in the industry. Since joining the show, my life has changed in that I’m the busiest and happiest because I get to work with people who are considerate and genuinely care for the quality of journalism we produce. I hope to tell more stories that see positive changes, whether in law, service delivery or justice for neglected communities,” she said. The Soweto-born media personality who has worked as a news anchor on 947's  weekend breakfast show, when asked which one she enjoyed the most between TV and radio, Masa picked TV. “At Carte Blanche, I have more time to do a story than on radio. I get to tell longer stories than I did on radio and I love that because it gets me to fully understand the topic and present it with the manner it needs. It also gives the viewer more information about very serious issues as opposed to radio news, where there’s a shorter time to tell the story that sometimes needs more than a minute to broadcast,” she said. It’s an internationally-renowned #nailcare brand, but the investment of dozens of local #franchisees was jeopardised when the US licensor threatened to cancel the Master License Agreement. @MasaKeKana investigates Sunday 7pm on 90 minutes of #CarteBlanche @MNet. #Nails pic.twitter.com/5vmIinVHLA 