MAMELODI Sundowns have peaked at the right time in the DStv Diski Challenge Rewired this season. The Young Brazilians managed to save their best form for the most crucial stages of the competition. They might have found the going a bit tough in the group stages, where they endured two defeats. But their four wins and one draw were ultimately enough to earn them second-place in Stream Two behind Kaizer Chiefs and a spot in the knockout stages. This was thanks to a last-gasp strike from talented midfielder Musawenkosi Mdhluli in their final group match against Orlando Pirates. And since then, Surprise Moriri’s charges have never looked back. They have ridden that wave of momentum into the knockout stages where they went on to defeat the impressive Cape Town City 3-2 in the semi-finals at Makhulong Stadium on Saturday. They booked their spot in the final against undefeated AmaZulu. Usuthu stunned one of the favourites for the title Kaizer Chiefs in their semi-final, walking away 4-3 winners on penalties after the match ended in a 1-1 draw. Chiefs had accumulated the highest number of points by any team in the group stages, with 18 and were expected to be too strong for the KwaZulu-Natal side. But the Young Usuthu had other ideas, sending Arthur Zwane’s charges packing and highlighting their title credentials in the process. AmaZulu are yet to taste defeat in this season’s competition and will be hoping to go all the way unbeaten. But Downs, led by the inspirational goalkeeper and skipper Glen Baadjies, will look to snap Usuthu’s fairytale run. Downs will be determined to get over the finish line, having fought hard to reach the final despite an indifferent start to the tournament. “We really wanted to win it and we’ve been up for it since the first game,” said Baadjies. “There were challenges at the beginning of this tournament. We won some games and lost others too, but I’m happy that the players didn’t go down after the games that we lost (against Baroka and Kaizer Chiefs). We kept our heads up and looked forward to playing other games.”