ALMOST two decades later, former president Jacob Zuma got to plead to the multiple charges he’s facing arising from the arms deal. He’s charged with soliciting a bribe in exchange for political protection for a company that had won a tender. It’s taken more than 17 years but he and co-accused, French company Thales, have pleaded. This means the legal ball is now rolling. Before we even start, Zuma has started kicking the can down the road to further delay the hearing. His legal team has now roped in celebrated lawyer Advocate Dali Mpofu to push for the recusal of chief prosecutor Billy Downer, charging that Zuma wouldn’t get a fair trial. Mpofu, in his first role for Zuma’s team, pointed out they would be arguing how Downer is not impartial in that he supported a DA’s court application to have the case reinstated after it was thrown out. The NPA has dismissed Zuma’s move as another delaying tactic, saying the arguments have already been exhausted. But Zuma told his throng of supporters outside the Pietermaritzburg High Court that by the end of the year, this case would be done. “I told the judge I’m not guilty. I told him I don’t know anything about those cases,” Zuma told his supporters to loud cheers. He shared how they’ll argue the way to his downfall was plotted by his comrades who in their conversations in dark corners wanted “Zulu boy” or “Zulu fool” to be dealt with. “These are people I called my comrades,” said Zuma. There’s no doubting Zuma’s popularity in KZN, and it’s no surprise the provincial ANC leadership led by Premier Sihle Zikalala is prepared to be on his side even though the NEC has frowned upon those who go to court to support him. All the heavyweights were in court, including former eThekwini mayor Zandile Gumede and Malusi Gigaba. It’s not clear what Zuma’s intentions are in his bid to have Downer recuse himself. It has emerged that among the heavyweights roped in are Advocate Wim Trengove. In the likelihood that Zuma wins, he wants to be acquitted completely.