SUPERSPORT United captain Ronwen Williams says they are ready to delay fellow Tshwane rivals Mamelodi Sundowns title celebrations. The two giants will battle it out in a DStv Premiership match at Loftus Stadium on Wednesday (5pm). This will be Williams second match in action since he fully recovered from knee injury which saw him miss four league games. The Bafana Bafana shot stopper seems like a lucky charm for Matsatsantsa a Pitori having helped them win their first match in five outings when they beat Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila 1-0 in their last league game on 12 May. His record speaks volumes as he is the only player in the PSL to have played 100 consecutive matches. Said Williams: “It’s always a nice game against Sundowns, we enjoy playing against our rivals. It is always a game of entertainment and we are looking forward to it. They come from a disappointing result in the last two games (3-1 aggregate defeat to AL Ahly in Caf Champions League), but this will be a different ball game. They would obviously want to wrap up the league, we won’t allow that to happen at our expense. We know now how to beat them, we have done it before, and guys are looking forward to it.” Williams says they want to keep momentum in a bid to finish the season is a respectable position. “We’ve got our own ambitions and where we want to end the season. Obviously, we would have liked to keep the momentum going. We had a good result in our last game, but the two weeks break gave us an opportunity to fine tune some of the things we were lacking in the past few games. We also managed to fine tune our strategy going forward and how we will finish on a positive note.” The 29-year-old says missing the game has re-ignited the spark he has between the goal post. “I am just happy to be back, obviously I was disappointed to be out for few weeks. It gave me time to miss the game again and bring back that spark because playing too many games just becomes another day or another game. I am glad to be back and hopefully I can push my team to finish stronger in the three remaining games.”