THE JVW Ladies team might be the new kids on the block in the Safa National Women’s League, but they are not there just to make up the numbers. The 2019 Sasol League National champions, who were promoted to the league alongside Ma-Indies Ladies from Limpopo, are sending a strong statement of intent so far this season. They are currently enjoying a dream start to the season, having won all three of their matches up to this point and boasting a 100% record. Their emphatic 5-0 win over Durban Ladies this past Saturday ensured that they retained top spot in the standings on goal difference ahead of defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies. JVW appear to be determined to give Sundowns Ladies a good run for their money this season and potentially end their dominance. They have proven to be equal to that task so far this season, swatting aside every opponent in what has been an impressive start to their maiden campaign. They continue to rely on their experienced players such as Mamello Makhabane, Nompumelo Nyandeni, Kaylin Swart and Amanda Dlamini. These players have seen and done it all in the women’s game, even representing Banyana Banyana on numerous occasions. Nyandeni, who skippers the side, has been leading from the front with her goals instrumental in the team’s success. The veteran attacker is delighted to be playing in the National Women’s League this season. “Playing in the National League is good,” said Nyandeni. “It is also challenging because we have to travel around the country. But we are prepared.” JVW coach, Ciara Picco, has lauded the standard of the league even after the long layoff due to Covid-19.The beginning of the second season of the National Women’s League was delayed due to the pandemic but that does not seem to have impacted the player’s fitness. “In our opening weeks we have seen that teams haven’t lost their tenacity over the Covid-19 layoff,” said Picco. “If anything, the teams are hungrier than ever.” JVW will look to maintain their impressive start when they face the University of Western Cape in their next match away from home on Saturday.