The mother
of the teenage girl charged with the assault of Lufuno Mavhunga - who is
believed to have died by suicide after the assault - has offered her apologies
to the Mavhunga family, saying if she could, she would do anything to bring her
back. In a
sitdown interview with Newzroom Afrika the woman, who cannot be named to
protect her minor child’s identity, said she could not put into words how sorry
she was about what had happened. She said: If there
were something I could give that would return their child or give her life, I
would do it instantly. I wish wherever they are; they can be able to tap into
my heart and spirit to feel and see where I stand with this whole situation. I
wish their child was still alive. Her
daughter, 14, was released into her care on R1 500 bail after spending several
weeks in a place of safety. News24
previously reported that during her bail hearing at Children’s Court, which sat
at the Thohoyandou Magistrate’s Court, the investigating officer told the court
he opposed bail, saying he feared for the girl’s safety. "I
think the situation is going to be stuck with my daughter for the rest of her
life. Even if we take her for counselling, she must be able to counsel herself
as well to say okay 'this is the situation, and this is how far my guilt is in
the situation', because I know she is not the cold soul that takes (the
situation) for granted or ignores it," said the mother. Her mother
said that she was remorseful about her actions and that Mavhunga taking her own
life had affected her. Mavhunga died, in an apparent suicide, just hours after
a video of her assault went viral. In the
video, Mavhunga can be seen repeatedly being slapped without retaliating, while
other pupils cheered on. The video sparked national outrage and once again
brought to light the issue of bullying in schools. The mother
told Newzroom Afrika that it was like a bomb had gone off at her feet when she
saw the video. "Looking
at the video myself, if my daughter was the other daughter who was being
beaten, I would feel bad I would feel the pain I would be outraged, but in this
sense, I also got outraged because it was my child doing it," said the
mother. She said,
however, that this did not make her daughter an animal and maintained that she
made a mistake. Meanwhile,
family spokesperson Kenneth Mavhunga told News24, on Monday, that they had not
seen the interview, but had heard of it. "There
has never been any engagement with her. Our lines of communication are still
open, and like we have said before, in principle, as a family, we have no
problem with meeting with them as long as they respect us as the bereaved
family. We have said it many a time that our communication lines are out there
for them," said Kenneth. He went on
to say that they would be willing to meet with the family privately once they
are ready, and that time would tell if that would lead to forgiveness. He said
Lufuno’s mother was not coping. "It’s
difficult, to be honest, we are taking it one day at a time, and we understand
that these things take time. We know that things may not get back to normal,
but with time, they will get better." SOURCE:
NEWS24 https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/mother-of-girl-in-lufuno-mavhunga-case-apologises-i-wish-their-child-was-still-alive-20210503-2