COSATU president Zingiswa Losi has called on for the public not to elect corrupt leaders as Mzansi heads into the local government elections. She was speaking at a virtual May Day celebration at the COSATU House in Braamfontein, Joburg on Saturday. Losi was the keynote speaker on the day with messages of support from ANC President, Cyril Ramaphosa and SACP General Secretary, Dr Blade Nzimande. In her address, Losi said the ruling party needed to deal with corruption to gain the trust of the voters. “This not a blank cheque, councillors who have looted must be removed. “The ANC must fix local government and ensure basic services are delivered and municipal workers who have been dismissed for exposing corruption must be reinserted,” she said. ALSO READ: WE WON’T SURVIVE WITHOUT R350 GRANTS! Losi said workers were disappointed with the behaviour of many ANC leaders. We must fight #corruption says @_cosatu President, #ZingiswaLosi on the occasion of the #CosatuMayDay2021 celebrations at Cosatu House, at Braamfontein #CosatuCelebratesMayDay @SAPoliceService @ParliamentofRSA @SALGA_Gov @NationalCoGTA @OFMNews9497 @business @BDliveSA @eNCA pic.twitter.com/MjOv68uPUU “The unions of Cosatu have reaffirmed the decision of our members to endorse the ANC and call up for voters to vote for it. “But we are calling on the ANC to clean up the act at Luthuli house or face the consequences,” she added. Losi has also called for unions to unite and tackle the issue of unemployment in the country. “If the current challenges do not force us to unite and fight back against the austerity measures, we are then doomed as workers,” she concluded. Sharing his message of solidarity, ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa said South African workers had sacrificed a lot and have been severely impacted by the loss of income. “This has been the most challenging time that our country and its people have faced since the beginning of the democratic era. “The leaders of the Alliance showed the utmost unity throughout the COVID-19 pandemic and have been able to give clear leadership to the country,” he said. Ramaphosa said they are in process of introducing new measures to deal with the rate of unemployment. “No instance of criminality and corruption must go unaddressed. It is only when we adopt an attitude of zero tolerance in our ranks that we will make a lasting difference,” he added.