Anrich Nortje and Shabnim Ismail received the highest accolade that Cricket South Africa (CSA) has to offer when they were named SA men and SA Women’s Cricketer of the Year in their respective categories at CSA’s virtual awards which were held on Monday. The traditional gala ceremony was not possible because of the Coronavirus lockdown but it did not stop the CSA family celebrating the occasion in a suitable manner. It was a truly memorable occasion for Ismail who won no fewer than three awards. She was also named Women’s T20 International Cricketer of the Year and SA Women’s Players’ Player of the Year. Nortje achieved similar success, being named Test Cricketer of the Year, SA Fans’ Cricketer of the Year and sharing in a tied vote with Aiden Markram the SA Men’s Players’ Players’ Player of the Year. Having previously won the women’s premier award in 2015, Ismail joins Marizanne Kapp (2013/14) and Dane van Niekerk (2016/18/19) as multiple winners in the professional era. Nortje becomes the 12th player to win the premier men’s award and created his own piece of history by being named International Newcomer of the Year and Men’s Cricketer of the Year in successive years. In a continuation of the trend that started last year when the Momentum Proteas competed successfully for awards that had no gender limitation, Lizelle Lee won the KFC Streetwise Award for her brilliant century in the ODI series against India. With Nortje winning the SA Fans’ Player of the Year, which was decided by an online poll, the third award available to all, the CSA Delivery of the Year, went to Wiaan Mulder for dismissing Kusal Mendis with the aid of a catch by Rassie van der Dussen in the second Test match against Sri Lanka.  Lee was also named Momentum One-Day International Cricketer of the Year.  Van der Dussen was honoured with the One-Day International Cricketer of the Year award while Tabraiz Shamsi was named T20 Cricketer of the Year and George Linde the Men’s International Newcomer of the Year.  CSA Acting Chief Executive Pholetsi Moseki congratulated all the winners. “Anrich and Shabnim have set the highest standards that we expect from our icon Proteas players. Anrich’s international career to date has been remarkable.”  Ottniel Baartman was named as inaugural winner of the Makhaya Ntini Power of Cricket Award.  AWARD WINNERS  PROFESSIONAL AWARDS: NATIONAL SA Men’s Cricketer of the Year: Anrich Nortje SA Women’s Cricketer of the Year: Shabnim Ismail Test Cricketer of the Year: Anrich Nortje One-Day International Cricketer of the Year: Rassie van der Dussen T20 International Cricketer of the Year: Tabraiz Shamsi Momentum Proteas One-Day International Cricketer of the Year: Lizelle Lee Momentum Proteas T20 International Cricketer of the Year: Shabnim Ismail SA Men Players’ Player of the Year: Anrich Nortje and Aiden Markram SA Women’s Players’ Player of the Year: Shabnim Ismail SA Fans’ Player of the Year: Anrich Nortje KFC Streetwise Award: Lizelle Lee (innings of 132* vs India) CSA Delivery of the Year: Wiaan Mulder (dismissal of  Kusal Mendis, SA v SL, 2nd Test) International Newcomer of the Year: George Linde Women’s International Newcomer of the Year: Black Day Kit  PROFESSIONAL AWARDS: DOMESTIC 4-Day Domestic Series Cricketer of the Season:  Aiden Markram (Momentum Multiply Titans) Momentum One-Day Cup Cricketer of the Season: Robbie Frylinck (Hollywoodbets Dolphins) Betway T20 Challenge Cricketer of the Season: Sisanda Magala (Imperial Lions) PitchVision Coach of the Season: Imraan Khan (Hollywoodbets Dolphins) Domestic Players’ Player of the Season: Keshav Maharaj (Hollywoodbets Dolphins) Domestic Newcomer of the Season: Neil Brand (Momentum Multiply Titans) SACA Most Valuable Player Award: Keshav Maharaj (Hollywoodbets Dolphins) Makhaya Ntini Power of Cricket Award: Ottniel Baartman (Hollywoodbets Dolphins)  PROFESSIONAL AWARDS: OPERATIONS CSA Umpires’ Umpire of the Year: Lubabalo Gcuma CSA Umpire of the Year: Adrian Holdstock CSA Fairplay Award: Warriors  AMATEUR AWARDS SA  SA Forces Administrator Recognition Award: Lieutenant Colonel Randall M Williams Kemach JCB Groundsman of the Year: No winner as not all venues hosted matches.      