SOCIAL media influencers, Blue and Brown Mbombo, had tweeps in tears after surprising their mum with her favourite singer Dr Rebecca Malope. Blue and Brown took to social media to share clips of their happy mum who got to sing and dance alongside the gospel legend. They planned a surprise birthday party for their mum where guests were dressed in all white. In the videos they posted, they are seen entering the party venue with their mum who can’t hold back her tears. “So my twin sister @BrownMbombo and I surprised our mother with a birthday party and a surprise guest by her fav gospel artist, the legendary Rebecca Malope. Follow the thread to see her reaction,” wrote Blue on Twitter. ALSO READ | CAPTAIN ZONKE DIKANA TAKES TO THE AIR! When the Moya Wami singer enters the room, their mum quickly stands up from her chair and runs towards Rebecca to hug her. In other videos, the twins, their mum and their guests are seen dancing and singing as the star performs. “We grew up singing and dancing to Mam Ribs’ songs. It was such a pleasure to sing and dance alongside with her,” she wrote. Dr Rebecca also commented on the thread and thanked the twins for inviting her. “I feel so honoured to have been part of such a special moment for umama. This was truly precious. Thank you for the invite and the great job ladies. May God bless you and your family abundantly. I love you,” she wrote. The twins, who rose to fame after Blue starred in reality show Big Brother South Africa in 2015, shared in 2018 that they grew up struggling. They said their dad died when they were young and their mum raised them in a shack that they lived in for most of their lives. People on social media were touched by Blue and Brown’s gesture for their mum. Our Moms 55th birthday celebration was everything ???????? thank you @DrRebeccaMalope for making her day a memorable one ???? pic.twitter.com/zg3te2e4BY Guys ?????????? pic.twitter.com/EmAhEfkUrK We grew up singing and dancing to Mam Ribs’ songs. It was such a pleasure to sing and dance alongside with her ?????? pic.twitter.com/qY7icy5hVj I feel so honored to have been part of such a special moment for umama ???? This was truly precious , thank you for the invite and the great job ladies ?? May God bless you and your family abundantly. I love you ?? https://t.co/rfo4T804id 