ANYTHING is possible, said Sekhukhune United veteran midfielder Jabu Maluleke when asked about the intriguing GladAfrica Championship title race. Sekhukhune remain among the favourites with two games to play, and they might pull off a surprise if the two teams ahead of them slip up. Leaders Royal AM and second placed Richards Bay FC have started dropping points at this crucial stage of the season. Richards Bay were the hot favourites to win the league after playing 14 matches without a defeat. However, they seem to have failed to handle the pressure that comes with being at the top as they dropped from the top of the table to second place this past Sunday. Royal AM head the championship standings with 47 points, and the Natal Rich Boyz are second with 45. Sekhukhune are third with 44 points. In their first season in the First Division, Sekhukhune have done exceptionally well considering that Bizana Pondo Chiefs, who were promoted alongside them last season, have been relegated. The Limpopo outfit have punched above their weight. Maluleke added that they are proud of what they have done so far. Being among the top teams shows they have worked hard. However, he said the job is not yet done. Sekhukhune will host Polokwane City on Sunday at Makhulong Stadium (3pm) in their penultimate fixture. Their last match of the season will be against play-offs hopefuls JDR Stars on 23 May in Soshanguve. The veteran midfielder, who was relegated with Polokwane City, said they remain hopeful in their two remaining games. “We have high hopes as anything can still happen in this league,” said Maluleke yesterday. “From our side there’s no pressure. We just need to continue playing the way we have been playing, grinding results in each and every match. If the top teams drop points and we find ourselves at the top, we would celebrate. It will be the same even if we finish in a promotion/relegation play-off spot.” The Championship clubs will play their penultimate matches on Sunday, with the final matches set to take place on 23 May.