Netball South Africa (NSA) on Wednesday launched the Twizza Netball Club Championships that will be played over a four-month period - between May and September this year. The championships will be broken down into districts, provincial and national levels. The formation of the tournament will bridge the gap in the netball pyramid and help unearth talent at a local level. This tournament will provide players, coaches, umpires and administrators with the opportunity to showcase their abilities at a competitive level, and to contend for selection for the Spar National Championships, followed by The Telkom Netball League, and eventually the SPAR Proteas. “It is always a pleasure to work with partners that understand the vision that we have as Netball South Africa, partners who see the value in investing towards the growth of the sport," said Cecilia Molokwane, Netball South Africa president. "We are grateful to Twizza for throwing their weight behind this club netball tournament and helping us begin the journey of giving more players access to the sport. We believe that this is the start of greater things to come. I would like to urge all players to get involved in this tournament and challenge districts in making sure that we make this possible.” Event organisers are hoping to see about 52 districts hosting their own leagues with about 20 clubs per district participating. The top two teams from every district will compete at an inter-provincial netball competition, which will run between July and August. The winners of each provincial tournament will then compete in a national competition to determine the best club in South Africa - these finals will take place between 23 and 26 September. Lance Coertzen, Twizza’s Group Marketing Manager, believes sport is one of the world’s greatest unifying forces. Molokwane challenged all players to grab this opportunity and run with it, "this is for you and this is yours”. The federation has a 2025 vision themed Magnificent 3M which seeks to have at least three million netball people registered, irrespective of whether they are coaches, players, umpires or administrators.