Media personality Lerai Rakoditsoe is proof that dreams can become a reality. Lerai, who used to picture herself presenting and acting in big television shows while she was young, has made history. She’s been announced as Nickelodeon’s first African host and will be hosting the channel’s new music show, NickMusic. Speaking to SunBuzz, Lerai said: “We live in a world where firsts are very rare, so, I didn’t see this coming. When I received the call, I jumped and screamed with joy and ran to my mum to share to the good news with her. I even disturbed her virtual meeting. “It was surreal. All my life I always thought only special and amazing people make history. I’m grateful to god for this amazing blessing.” The 18-year-old presenter, who’s also part of Viacom’s culture squad, said being part of the Nickelodeon family has been amazing so far. “When I joined the family I got orientated, which is something I’m very appreciative of because I was not thrown in at the deep end,” she said. “I got to watch and learn from other people and it wasn’t as daunting as I thought it would be. It was more of a learning experience. “But besides that, everyone has been amazing and very supportive and I now understand what they mean by team work makes the dream work.” ALSO READ |OPRAH PRAISES THUSO MBEDU The Joburg-born star, who started working professionally at the age of 15, said that from a very young age she knew the arts were her calling. “My whole life I’ve been a performer and I guess that’s where the love for the arts and the entertainment industry comes from,” she said. “I remember when I was young I used to put on a lot of shows for my mother and her guests and my mother, who’s been supportive of my dreams from the get-go, noticed this and enrolled me in drama and modelling classes which I took for six years – and the rest is history.” Lerai hopes to use her influence in a good way. “I look up to strong women such as Nomzamo Mbatha and I love how they used their platforms to advocate social good and change, and just like them I aspire to be a strong female voice in Africa who addresses issues among the youth as well as working towards the empowerment of women,” she said. The presenter’s advice to youngsters is to stay true to yourself.