WHILE incumbent Aleck Skhosana believes he’s still the right man to lead Athletics South Africa (ASA) until 2025, Central Gauteng Athletics (CGA) president, James Moloi, says the former’s time is up and he must hand over keys to the highest office. Delegates will converge at the Southern Sun hotel in Kempton Park tomorrow in an eagerly contested ASA executives elections, where 17 athletics provinces will vote for the man they want to lead them in the next four years. Skhosana and Moloi agree on one thing – TV rights, and they would like to see the sport broadcast weekly. But who has the better plan and strategy to make it happen? The two released their respective manifestos this week in their quest to sway votes their way, but the final word lies with voting executives. With a pay off line: “For the people, with the people, by the people”, Skhosana’s main focus in his manifesto is to map the way forward over the well documented achievement under his administration, which has served for six years since 2014. “All work to date has been achieved through a collective of the Board of ASA, as mandated by vote by the Member Provinces,” said Skhosana in his manifesto. “A lot has been done and a lot still needs to be done. We will have to increase the continued creation of environments that will continue to make it attractive to sponsors and potential sponsors. This means, among other things, create national competitions for sponsors to latch on. For the next four years, ASA board members and provincial boards must be accountable for the full functioning of each and every discipline of athletics in their respective portfolios, and positions of office. “In simple terms, there must be functional coaching structure, technical structure and administration.” Moloi’s seven point views comprise prioritising interests of the athletes, whom he said are main role players at ASA. “We have to improve corporate governance and ensure that we attract sponsors. It has always been priority to elevate stakeholder relations with all ASA stakeholders,” said Moloi. “Look, I know what I’m talking about. I have walked through this road for over 10 years, and I’m more qualified to turn around the ASA fortunes than any one else. “Athletes need money, and for them they will need to be made happy as they’re the ones who give us international recognition. CGA is one of the most successful regions that you can think of in the country, and I have been standing tall. Look at the happy sponsors that we have. This tells you that I have ways and means of attracting sponsorship.” The elections were initially planned for last year but Covid-19 enforced restrictions made it to be rescheduled for this weekend. She’s restricted from participating in those women’s competitions due to reported testestorone imbalances. Said Skhosana: “We’ve done well on the Caster appeal. We took matter to IAAF, Court of Arbitration in Sport and lost, as well as the Swiss courts. Now we’ve approached the European Court of Human Rights and I hear it has been listed. I’m standing for matters of human rights. We’re opposed to discrimination and I’m glad the United Nations agree with us. World athletics need to change the constitution because the current one doesn’t work.”