Sekhukhune United have won their appeal case on Wednesday against the PSL’s disciplinary committee (DC) involving Polokwane City. Sekhukhune were awarded the three points and are now top of the GladAfrica Championship table with 50 points, which is equal to Royal AM. Sekhukhune were awarded the match 3-0, which puts them on a better goal-difference to drop Royal AM to second on the log ahead of the final round of matches on Sunday. In awarding the sanction, chairman Hilton Epstein SC, replaced the initial DC judgment, which only docked Polokwane City three points and not having awarded them to Babina Noko. Read Epstein SC's santion: "It is declared that the respondent (City) forfeited the match (which was won 1-0) to the appellant (Sekhukhune) with a score line of 3-0. A fine is imposed of R100 000, suspended for two years on condition that the respondent is not found guilty during the period of suspension... "The respondent is ordered to pay the costs of the arbitrator, the arbitrator's costs, the league's costs (if any) and the costs of the appellant." Mandla Tshabalala, senior council who represented Sekhukhune, said he was happy with the verdict. "The DC case procedure was fine, but the ruling was not fair. The most important thing was that the game was played. It was not on their own doing that five Under-23 players were not in the squad list." Sekhukhune United appealed the PSL DC's judgment against Polokwane City who were docked three points for having not abided by the rules and didn’t have five U-23 players in their squad list before their match earlier this year when they lost 1-0 to the Limpopo outfit. City were docked three points but United wanted the points to be awarded to them, according to the NSL rules. Now this makes for an interesting cat and mouse chase as Sekhukhune takes over the Championship top spot and drags then leaders Royal AM on a better goal difference. With both sides on 50 points, it means Sekhukhune and Royal AM cannot afford to lose or draw their respective matches on Sunday. Sekhukhune will visit giant killer, JDR Stars at Soshanguve's Giant Stadium while Royal AM have Cape Town All Stars at Chartsworth Stadium.  Sunday's Championship Fixtures: Lucas Masterpieces Moripe Stadium: Pretoria Callies v TS Sporting. Old Peter Mokaba Stadium: Polokwane City v Free State Stars Soshanguve Giant Stadium: JDR Stars v Sekhukhune United Chatsworth Stadium: Royal AM v Cape Town All Stars Parow Park: Cape United v Jomo Cosmos Cape Town Stadium: Cape Town Spurs v University of Pretoria Richards Bay Stadium: Richards Bay v Steenberg United Princess Magogo Stadium: Uthongathi FC v Bizana Pondo Chiefs