YOUNG boys will have to wait a bit longer to become men. This is because initiation schools are still suspended. Limpopo House of Traditional Leaders chairman Kgoshi Malesela Dikgale said it would be irresponsible for initiations to get underway this year. “A third wave is coming to cause havoc. We will be putting children in danger if we give initiation schools the green light,” he said. He said there was still time for boys to go to initiation schools, which would likely start operating next year. “We are still safe. Why should we worry? We can’t rush to open schools because people want money. Some people just want money, not to preserve culture.” Dikgale urged parents not to allow anyone to take their children to initiation schools during this period.  He said they would inform law enforcement and shut down any illegal school. In Gauteng, two traditional authorities Amandebele Ba Lebelo and Amandebele Ndzundza Sokhulumi suspended this year’s initiation season. The reason for this decision was the devastating impact of Covid-19. ALSO READ: HOUSE OF RAPE HORRORS! “Many stakeholders felt that we should wait for the vaccination roll-out to take effect before commencing with initiation. “Anyone attempting or conducting initiation must be dealt with by law enforcement agencies as they will be in contravention of the law,” read a statement from the Gauteng Department of Department of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs. However, the winter initiation season has not been suspended in the Eastern Cape. Initiation schools could still operate, but would have to follow strict Covid-19 regulations.  Eastern Cape Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs spokesman Mamnkeli Ngam said: “We met all key stakeholders in March and tried to consolidate our action plan towards the winter season. “People must be allowed to send their boys to the bush. “We always say the issue of sending boys to the bush is a family responsibility. “Government puts in place necessary guidelines in the context of Covid-19.” He said people would still have illegal initiation schools even if they suspended them, so they resorted to regulating them and creating awareness.