The gloves are off between Pitso Mosimane's wife and agent, Moira Tlhagale of Tlhagale Sports Marketing and Management. The 11 times PSL champions are demanding Tlhagale to pay back about R8 million in agents commission, which is linked to Mosimane's R1,5m monthly salary, which he was paid in his new contract that was prematurely terminated, according to a national Sunday tabloid newspaper. It is reported that Sundowns have already filed papers with the Johannesburg High Court, in which the club's lawyers, Bowman Gilfillan, in their submission, said the club "had signed a head coach agreement" in which Sundowns agreed with Mosimane on a four year starting 1 June 2020 to 31 May 2024." They said the club paid Tlhagale's company R8 632, 260, which was a 10% commission for securing Mosimane's signature to the club. Sundowns lawyers said the club paid the money upfront instead of dividing and paying out for every season that Mosimane completed as an employee of the club. Sundowns agreed to pay Mosimane a salary of R1 5500 a month, according to Sunday World. The club accuses Mosimane of having terminated his contract on 30 September 2020 after coaching the team for only months of the 48-month contract," the Sunday tabloid reported. SunSport contacted Sundowns on Sunday who were due to confirm or deny the report, while Tlhagale's company was unavailable for comment. The big reveal of the Mosimane-Sundowns war came to light a week ago when Mosimane lambasted a fraction of officials from his former employers for having harassed him with emails and messages after he quit the club. This was after the club's supporters attacked Al Ahly bus where Mosimane was aboard and the fans hurled insults at the their former head coach, going as far as swearing at his mother.  Tlhagale's company then followed up Mosimane's post match conference with a statement that revealed that the club cannot accept that Mosimane has left them for greener pastures. In their statement after Sundowns accepted Al Ahly's apology to the club for the way in which their fans behaved when they lost 3-1 on aggregate in their African Champions League quarter-final, Tlhagale's company said they were "disappointed that Sundowns has not apologised to him (Pitso) personally, but issued a general statement apologising to Al Ahly 'and those associated with the team'". "We trust and believe that this matter and the necessary truths that need to be revealed will finally come to the fore in due course. As MT Sports Marketing and Management, our stance is that we will not allow for such callous bullying of our client." Mosimane this weekend just won the African Super Cup with Al Ahly, which President Cyril Ramaphosa congratulated him on Saturday.