RAPPER Gigi Lamayne’s night of horror ended in joy and celebrations. Her hijacked car was found shortly after it was stolen on the night of Wednesday, 19 May. Gigi took to Twitter to share she was with her team when they got hijacked. But she was able to run with her phone. She shared the registration of the car and asked people to be on the lookout for it. “My team and I have just been hijacked. Hyundai 2019. Please keep a lookout. That’s why I have my phone,” she wrote. “I just got out and I ran with my phone. I know it wasn’t the safest thing to do.” ALSO READ | ARTISTS END SIT-IN An hour later she posted a video of the stolen car, saying it had been found. She can be heard thanking God and her ancestors. “The power of God, the power of ancestors, the car was found. They thought they were taking out the tracker and we found the car. “If this isn’t my ancestors and God, then I don’t know what it is.” Soon after that she shared that the hijacker tried to rape her because she threw her phone in the bushes. “He wanted to rape me as punishment. Take the car, broer. Just leave me intact. I ran for my life because, honestly, I told him to kill me before trying to violate me. “Rather take the car. You won’t take my dignity though. And guess what? I know for a fact that a higher power protected us tonight.” Cops had not responded to our questions at the time of publishing the story. Social media users were glad the rapper and her team were safe. My team and I have just been hijacked . H1 JG 75 TF GP Hyundai 2019. Please keep a look out . That’s why I have my phone. I just got out and I ran with my phone. I know it wasn’t the safest thing to do Update : it’s been found ! Thank you so so much ! pic.twitter.com/0yJm5NHPvx He wanted to rape me as punishment for throwing my phone into the bush. Take the car broer. Just leave me intact. I ran for my life cause honestly I told him to kill me before trying to violate me. Rather take the car. You won’t take my dignity though. And guess what ? I know for a fact a higher power protected us tonight. 