MAMELODI Sundowns striker Gift Motupa is reaping the rewards of all the hard work that he put in off the pitch. The former Bidvest Wits striker seems to be slowly breaking into the star-studded Downs team in recent matches. Motupa’s resurgence has come at the right time for the Tshwane giants, who are looking to wrap up the DStv Premiership title. Motupa is likely to get the nod again when Sundowns face TS Galaxy at Mbombela Stadium on Sunday (3pm), hoping to extend their lead at the top of the table to seven points. The final few matches are expected to be a tough test for the Brazilians, especially now that injuries are beginning to pile up. They have been without Uruguayan star Gaston Sirino for the past few matches, while striker Kermit Erasmus also missed their 2-0 win over Maritzburg United on Wednesday. Downs could be without another one of their stars in Themba Zwane after he sustained an injury against the Team of Choice. The Downs technical team have had to look elsewhere for inspiration with the likes of Motupa raising their hands. Downs’ co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi has been pleased with Motupa’s contribution and is expecting more from the ex-Orlando Pirates forward. “We made him understand what was expected from him when he arrived,” said Mngqithi. “We made him understand himself more because sometimes players do not know their full potential. “We know the capacity that he has and we have been drilling it into his mind ever since he arrived. “There were many naysayers when he joined us but I’m sure now they understand why we brought him in. It hasn’t been an easy journey for him. We had to work on his ankle. That is the reason that kept him out for long, but the other thing was the extra four or five kg’s in weight that he was carrying. “We made it a point that before anything else he loses this weight and gets into the right BMI and ready to help us because our game will demand a lot of speed. “In the past, he would have hamstring injuries easily because of the weight he was carrying. “His response was very professional and he improved his diet. He looked very good even during rehab and that’s why we are benefitting from his hard work. “But I believe he can still work on his strength. He has a lot to offer.”