TSHAKHUMA Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) chairman Abram Sello has vowed his club will not be relegated at the end of the season. Fresh from winning the Nedbank Cup last week, the DStv Premiership rookies are now fighting for their top flight status. Following their 1-0 league defeat against SuperSport United at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday, Tshakhuma are now second bottom with 25 points from 26 matches. They are only six points ahead of bottom side and Venda rivals Black Leopards. Vhadau Vhadamani have four matches left against Maritzburg United, Baroka, Chippa United and Orlando Pirates to avoid the dreaded axe or featuring in the promotion/relegation play-offs. The side ending bottom is automatically relegated while the club finishing 15th will go into the play-offs with the sides ending second and third in the GladAfrica Championship. “We know that there are those who are doubting us,” said Sello at a function at Meropa Casino yesterday hosted by Limpopo MEC of Sports, Arts and Culture Thandi Moraka yesterday to celebrate TTM’s triumph in the Ke Yona Cup. “I believe that people should give us a chance in our remaining matches and see what we will do. Our four matches are (going to be like) cup finals. I am sure that we will make Limpopo people proud again like we did with the Nedbank Cup. I am sure, Tshakhuma will still be playing in the Premiership next season. Those who are doubting us will eat humble pie come the end of the season.” On their Nedbank Cup triumph, Sello revealed that he knew after their 6-5 win on penalties against PSL champions Mamelodi Sundowns in the semifinals TTM could lift this competition and earn the R7 million prize money that goes to the winners. But added Sello: “It was a sort of a surprise for me to go all the way. But when I look at the teams we beat like SuperSport United, Leopards and Moroka Swallows, I think we deserved to win this competition.” Sello also revealed that there is no problem when it comes to giving his players the bonuses he promised them for winning Ke Yona. “We are family at Tshakhuma,” he explained. “We are going to do what works for us as a family. The players, technical staff, management and everyone who is attached to this club will get something but according to our arrangement and agreement.”  