JOSEF Zinnbauer will have to do more to convince his critics that he is the right man for the demanding Orlando Pirates job in the long term. His failure to end Mamelodi Sundowns’ dominance has not gone down well with the Bucs faithful, not least the 3-0 and 4-1 defeats they suffered at the hands of their fierce rivals. To make matters worse, they have since been overtaken by unfancied Golden Arrows and AmaZulu in the top five, and could possibly miss out on a spot in the Caf Champions League. The lack of momentum, seen again as Bucs were held to a goalless draw by lowly Stellenbosch FC in their DStv Premiership match on Tuesday, has fuelled to the disillusionment of the fans and added to speculation he could be shown the door. Zinnbauer sounded defeated when he tried to explain the poor result. “We’re strong enough, we’re good enough for winning a game like this but if you don’t have the attitude before the game and you think all is running before the game, I explained this before, it’s not possible to win,” said Zinnbauer. “If you have self-confidence before a game like this then go forward, not trap the ball and go back, no go forward, give them the pressure. This was the plan, but maybe other players are tired. “We can always talk about excuses (injuries), but yes as a coach you have competition at training and more competition in the games, special players. Yes, Lorch (Thembinkosi)… Thabang Monare, we have a lot of players who were out for a long time. “The same team that played against Leopards, self-confidence, good performance, top final third, but today we missed that against (Stellies). But it’s football, it changes, we look forward to it. “We look forward to Sunday (against Raja Casablanca in the Caf Confederation Cup at Orlando Stadium). We need a win there. It’s important we get the head up for the players.” Winning the MTN8 ranks as an achievement. But for a club of Pirates’ stature, resources and lofty ambition, a top-eight trophy can barely shield Zinnbauer from criticism. The last four games could well determine his future.