PITSO Mosimane has slammed reports that he was targeting Mamelodi Sundowns players. Several players including Gaston Sirino and Peter Shalulile have been linked with Al Ahly since Mosimane took over the reins at the Egyptian giants last September. But the outspoken Mosimane took the opportunity to address the matter, explaining his comments have often been misinterpreted. “I don’t want to say much about the Sundowns players. Everyone says I want Sundowns players,” said Mosimane after his team beat Downs 2-0 in their quarterfinal first leg clash in Cairo on Saturday. “There’s a report saying I want Shalulile. It’s a false report. The only player Ahly made contact with Mamelodi Sundowns is Gaston Sirino. The rest is people making up stories and talking a lot. There’s been a lot spoken about me the whole week and I’ve kept quiet focusing on the big match.” Mosimane resisted the temptation to celebrate the win out of humility and the respect he has for Downs. “When you win you need to keep humility because the day you lose people will remember your humbleness,” he explained. “Remember I won three trophies playing for Sundowns, I’ve won trophies as a coach. I have big respect for the club and the 13 trophies I left at the club means a lot to me. So, the win against them can never make me forget that. I’ve given heart and soul to Sundowns. “They helped me to be where I am, but I also contributed to where they are now. So, we have mutual respect and I’m not going to get carried away. Whether we win or lose I will keep my integrity and pride and let my work speak for me.” The Red Devils overcame the Sundowns-led Mosimane at this stage of the competition last year by the same scoreline in the first leg in Cairo. They completed the job with a 1-1 draw in the second leg in Mzansi to win the tie 3-1 on aggregate. “Whatever comes, comes. You’d remember Ahly went to Sundowns with the same scoreline last year and didn’t park the bus. I believe that we will go to South Africa and get a great result, but of course, it will be difficult.”