Many Mzansi people will be tempted to cut costs and try to save more money by cutting on their insurances. But financial adviser Ernest Zamisa warns that cancelling your insurance is a dangerous game. Zamisa said many people thought they were in for a few short weeks of lockdown as the country grappled Covid-19. But it’s been more than a year and many families are struggling to make ends meet. According to the Momentum/Unisa 2020 Household Financial Wellness Insights report, the loss of gross income among Mzansi households is around R331 billion. We asked Zamisa if there’s a better way to deal with the realities of financial pressures brought on by retrenchments, reduced income and general uncertainty plaguing our everyday lives. ALSO READ: HOW TO BEAT PROCRASTINATION! Whatever you do, Zamisa said cancelling your insurance policies is a No No. “It’s our obligation as insurers and financial advisers to educate people on the dangers of cancelling their cover as it will leave them financially exposed or insecure,” said Zamisa. He said gambling with one’s assets at a time of such instability is simply inadvisable. “You need to weigh up the risks and truly understand what you could financially endure should something happen.” He said many South Africans often forget that being without cover affects their risk profile. “A break or gap in your cover will render you as a ‘high-risk’ policy holder because you failed to uphold the agreement terms with your insurer. “This means the next time you apply for insurance, this break or lapse could negatively affect your future premiums, which could result in much higher rates.” Zamisa said Mzansi people don’t generally like to consider the “what if” questions. He said the South African Insurance Association found that approximately 70-80% of South African motorists are driving uninsured. “With our roads being ranked as some of the most dangerous in the world, it seems illogical that so many drivers would forgo insurance on their cars,” said Zamisa. “Comprehensive car cover provides you with financial protection and peace of mind should your car be stolen, hijacked or damaged in an accident. “It also covers you for third-party liability – where you may become liable for damaging someone else’s car or injuring someone through an accident involving your car.” So, before you consider cancelling your short-term insurance, Zamisa gives some alternate considerations to help reduce your monthly premiums: 1. Contact your financial adviser to see if you can reduce premiums as opposed to not paying or cancelling your policy 2. Ensure that your asset descriptions are correctly noted 3. Update the asset values on your policy 4. Remove disposed/sold assets from your policy 5. Review your risk profile and decide which risks you can afford to bear yourself 6. Take an affordable excess 7. Review your insurer, broker, cover and premiums regularly – during trying times insurers usually have various options available to assist clients “By going through this checklist with your insurer, broker or financial adviser, you may benefit from decreased insurance premiums as a result of your profile update.” he said.