Mamelodi Sundowns have apologised profusely to the Al Ahly team following their fans' behaviour and throwing insults at their former coach, Pitso Mosimane, and also swearing his mother on Saturday. "Sundowns observed behaviour and conduct from some of its supporters before its match with Al Ahly, which is unacceptable and improper and does not reflect the integrity, respect, compassion, and other values that we uphold," said Sundowns in a statement on Sunday. "We received complaints by supporters of improper conduct and insults, but Sundowns supporters should under no circumstances, disrespect, insult or behave in the manner they did and must at all times stay true to our values and principles. "We therefore want to apologise to Al Ahly and those associated with the club."According to the club, they will institute an investigation and appropriate action will be taken against those supporters whose conduct was improper and "contrary to the values and principles that we adhere to". "We remain dedicated to maintaining the good relations, mutual respect and mutual commitment that exists between the leaders of our two Clubs and all our stakeholders," the club added. Al Ahly team bus was stopped by Sundowns' hooligans with swearing placards en route to Lucas Moripe Stadium, and they threw insults at their former coach. An angry Mosimane reacted after the club's Champions League quarter-final, second leg clash which ended in a 1-1 stalemate, which the Egyptians won 3-1 on aggregate. Mosimane said he knew who was behind all this behaviour, insinuating that someone from Sundowns' top officials was involved. "They stopped the (Al Ahly team) bus with all these people swearing at me, swearing at my mother, and all those kind of nasty words. I said to myself, 'what else must I have done for this team to get the respect?' "And I know the person who did that! And I know the person who is behind it... just bitter because I left. "I had to move on with my life. There's more... I don't want to talk. "The things that I've received before our match from South Africa, I can show you my phone, I can show my things. "The correspondence I've received, email I've received. They just don't let me go."And those emails are not from supporters, they come from the main office (Sundowns in Chloorkop). "And there's only one person who can allow that, for these emails to come. I received emails from lawyers, how I left, why I left. But that I'll save it for my book, I'll write a book. In fact, I have the book... I've just kept it and told myself that, you know... let bygones be bygones, like at Safa, I've moved on. "But they are behind me, they won't leave me. I thought I have left behind a very good team for the coaches to inherit a better team, the best ever that I ever had."I thought I left in peace, I shook hands, but since I'm in Egypt, I'm not at peace."I didn't want to talk, but now that the situations are like this, it's fine... 