ON WEDNESDAY, 12 May, Mzansi saluted its dedicated nurses. South African nurses celebrated International Nurses Day following a particularly difficult period. Its president Simon Hlungwani said a survey by the International Council of Nurses in January found that just under 40% of the 105 countries surveyed had nurses sitting on the highest bodies dealing with the pandemic. “The report also found that Covid-19 had resulted in severe disruptions to critical healthcare services, namely routine vaccinations and the detection of serious diseases. “We are concerned that SA’s picture is no different from the findings, and the country is sitting on a ticking time bomb,” he said. Deputy general-secretary Kwena Manamela said nurses had continued providing services during the pandemic, despite facing PPE shortages. “Nurses have gone far beyond their call of duty, and deserve recognition and respect.” She said nurses met the needs of the sick and helped deliver babies. “Even as we faced the harsh realities of a pandemic, these men and women put on a brave face and went to work.” Lerato said nurses should continue to show that their profession was a calling. Another nurse said words needed to be backed by action. “Nurses work hard and go through a lot. After qualifying, you work under tough conditions and risk infections, only to be told there will be no pay increase,” she said. “We should be discussing the best ways to make sure workers are well-looked after as they contribute to the well-being of society. “When you meet a bad nurse, stop painting the whole profession with the same brush. “Deal with bad nurses but honour those doing their jobs religiously.” “At a time when we were being hit hard by the pandemic, our nurses were on the frontline. They stood firm and got on with the job. “We know how emotionally difficult it was for some to go to work after losing colleagues.” She said it was not easy for nurses to leave their families every day and walk straight into an environment resembling a war zone. “They walked into our facilities knowing that they might get infected with the deadly virus. They knew that they could potentially come back and infect their own families.”