Mzansi is under alert Level two lockdown due to the rising daily Corona infections. Social gatherings such as parties, sporting activities, funerals, after tears gatherings and pandemic fatigue have been fingered as major contributing factors behind the looming third wave. As a result, President Cyril Ramaphosa placed the country on alert level two from level one during the family meeting. The move to level two will lead to stricter measures around indoors and outdoors gatherings. With Gauteng, Northern Cape, North West and the Free State being on the third wave, Ramaphosa said it is only a matter of time until the whole nation gets is on the third wave. On alert level two, the number of indoor gatherings will be capped at 100 people, while for outdoor the maximum number is 250. However, where the venue is small, the people should not exceed 50% of the venue’s capacity. The President said the curfew time has been changed to 11pm to 4am and establishment such restaurants will have to closed at 10 pm. Most people had worried about alcohol being banned, but during Sunday night’s family meeting, President Ramaphosa didn’t even utter a word on alcohol. The government has come under heavy criticism for the slow vaccine rollout. Ramaphosa attributed that to the special requirement for storing the Pfizer vaccine, which needs to be stored under extremely cold conditions. He said, “Our reliance on the Pfizer vaccine, for now, has affected the pace at which we can open vaccination sites. "Due to the properties of the Pfizer vaccine which requires an ultra-cold supply chain, the inclusion of smaller sites and sites in more rural areas is limited.” However, he said the rollout will speed up when the Johnson & Johnson vaccine has been cleared, it will be much easier to administer. "It is a single-dose vaccine and can be stored in a normal fridge. "While our vaccine rollout ramps up over the coming weeks, I urge everyone to be patient and to await their turn." He added, “It is important that we allow healthcare workers and those above the age of 60 to be vaccinated first, as they are most at risk of severe illness or hospitalisation. "For the time being, only these two groups are eligible to receive a vaccination until the next priority groups are announced”.