The
national health department says despite an increase in Covid-19 cases, the
country is not in the third wave of the disease yet. The
department's statement followed a News24 story on Health Minister Zweli
Mkhize's warning to provinces earlier on Wednesday. Mkhize
said: "For all intents and purposes, we are in the third wave even if it
is not fitting a technical definition. The numbers will no longer go down other
than if we start intensive containment measures." In a
statement on Wednesday night, the department said: "We want to assure
South Africans that we have not yet hit the third wave; however, we are at
risk, and we hence need to be on heightened vigilance as a country." On
Wednesday, new cases climbed by 2 759, pushing the total to 1 602 031, while 1
548 new ones were recorded on Tuesday. The
department said while increasing numbers were worrying, "our resurgence
dashboard, which was developed by the South African Covid-19 Modelling
Consortium, which is updated thrice a week, still shows that we have not, as a
country, reached a resurgence threshold, though some districts in the country are
fast approaching the threshold". It added it
was working with provincial departments to update its resurgence plans to focus
on, among other things, case management, contact tracing, bed capacity and
oxygen availability. The
department said it had noted a 46% increase in new cases from 8 593 in the week
of 26 April to 2 May to 12 531 from 3 to 9 May. The 14-day
comparisons showed an overall increase of 24% in new cases. All
provinces showed a positive percentage increase, with the Northern Cape showing
a 68% increase in the last seven days, followed by Gauteng at 63%, Limpopo at
47%, the North West at 42% and the Western Cape at 39%, the department said. "A
14-day comparison of Covid-19 deaths showed a 28.93% decrease. As a country, we
are on high alert and we know that the main drivers of the new wave will either
be the resurgence of new variants and/or the fatigue from adherence to
non-pharmaceutical interventions [NPI]. "To
counter these, we are working closely with our genomic sequencing team to
ensure that we are able to pick up the new variants earlier. For NPIs
[non-pharmaceutical interventions], we are continuously communicating with
communities to adhere to NPIs," it added. SOURCE: NEWS24 