UKHOZI
FM producer, Ayanda Melansi is in hot water with maskandi artists. This
comes after she named her five dogs after them. In
her Facebook post, she wrote: “Two of my grand puppies are not well and the vet
suspects poison. I’m not ok. The sick puppies are Ntencane and Nyonemhlophe. I
am actually pissed.” Her
post angered maskandi followers. They asked her if there was any specific
reason she named her puppies after maskandi artists. Mamphemba
Godide Mbhele asked: “Can you please explain the reason behind their names.” Bongiwe
Lubanzi Mpendulo Yenkosi said: “Guys, look at their names.” The post was
accompanied by broken heart emojis.  Ayanda
Ndlovu said: “So your dogs are named after our heroes.” Mthandeni
wakwaThanda warned her and said: “Don’t you dare with the names of our heroes.” Ayanda
respond saying: “There’s no specific reason. It’s just that I love these names.
Actually, I had five dogs their names were Mfazomnyama, Mgqumeni, Nyonemhlophe,
Ntencane and Sgwebo Sentambo. I then sold the two dogs, Mgqumeni and Sgwebo and
now I am left with the other three.” The
artists had seen Ayanda’s post by Thursday afternoon. Sgwebo Sentambo was livid
over it, so much that he posted a video clip complaining about Ayanda.  Speaking
to Daily Sun, he said: “I’ve seen Ayanda’s post and I am very angry at her.
This shows a deep-seated hatred towards maskandi artists. I don’t understand
how she produced a maskandi show, Sigiya Ngengoma, when she hates this
genre this much. I don’t care if she was posting in her personal capacity or as
an employee of SABC, either way she is a public figure and is representing the
SABC at all times. For that reason, I’ve already reported her to her
superiors.” Another
maskandi artist, Nelisani “Ndlemnyama”Mseleku said he was hurt. “We
don’t appreciate the fact that she named her dog after uMgqumeni.  Perhaps
she wanted to trend or it was a joke but either way, this is in bad taste. She
is basically calling maskandi artists dogs and I guess she is achieving
whatever intention she had,” said Ndlemnyama. Ntencane
said: “She’s my sister and I guess she was joking.” Ayanda failed to answer her phone when contacted for
comment. She also didn’t respond to SMSes sent to her.