SUPERSPORT United are determined to put rivals Mamelodi Sundowns’ imminent DStv Premiership title celebrations on hold. The impressive Brazilians are only one win away from clinching their fourth straight title and 11th overall. And they could make it sweeter by wrapping up the title against rivals Matsatsantsa A Pitori in the Tshwane derby next Wednesday. United might not have a say about the destination of the title this season, but they could make Sundowns wait at least another week. Kaitano Tembo’s charges, who have flattered to deceive this season, will look to make life difficult for Downs. The Brazilians currently have their hands full in the Caf Champions League where they will try to overturn a 2-0 deficit against Egyptian giants Al Ahly in Tshwane on Saturday. The task is much simpler in the Premiership title race, where they boast a seven-point lead at the summit. They will be confident of seeing off the late challenge of AmaZulu in second place. Tembo and his side, however, can keep Usuthu in the race a bit longer should they stop Downs when the two sides renew their rivalry at Loftus Stadium in exactly a week. “It’s always a tough game,” said Tembo. “We know we will be playing against a good team. “A team that is also doing well and is on the verge of winning the league. “There’s no doubt that we will look to test ourselves against them. I am not worried in terms of performance. “I think we have players who can always rise to the occasion when we come up against big teams like Sundowns. I am not worried about that.” Tembo has once again watched his side blow a good chance of challenging for the Premiership title this season. The Tshwane side have made it a habit in recent seasons to lose steam at a crucial stage of the campaign. But the Zimbabwean mentor reckons his side – currently in 6th on the Premiership standings with 41 points from 27 matches – have just been unfortunate. “I have not been worried at all. I think performances have been there, but we have just been unlucky in certain instances and we could not convert our chances,” added Tembo. “We have thrown away points because we didn’t seal matches. “I think we have played well irrespective of the results.”