The Independent Police Investigative Directorate could not find fault with the police's actions when they used a water cannon to disperse frustrated Sassa grant recipients in Bellville on 15 January. IPID found that the police used minimum force to get the grant recipients to practise social distancing in an effort to curb the spread of Covid-19. They were within their operational rights to enforce Covid-19 regulations. According to the IPID report, the manager of the Bellville Sassa office said officials called the police for help earlier that day after they battled for days to get the grant recipients to comply with the regulations. The police arrived but apparently, the crowd still didn't heed warnings. It was escalated to the Public Order Police (POP), who warned the people again. After not heeding that call, an officer in the water cannon vehicle was ordered to take action. The police told IPID that the options of using a pepper or capsicum spray, firearms, rubber bullets and teargas were at their disposal but would have been inappropriate. The report noted: The above measures would not have been appropriate to manage the crowd at the Bellville [Sassa] on the day in question, hence less forceful measures were applied. Community Safety MEC Albert Fritz asked IPID to investigate the incident. On the day in question, alarmed that people were not applying the 1.5m social distancing rule during the Covid-19 pandemic, Social Development Minister Lindiwe Zulu climbed into an armoured vehicle and used the public address system to ask people to spread out. Later in the day, while she was in discussions with Sassa officials inside the building, jets of water from the water cannon were sprayed on people to force them to stand apart, eliciting outrage over the treatment of vulnerable people. Before going into the findings, IPID explained that the acting provincial police commissioner, Major General Mpumuelo Manci, did not give the "substantive details" that Fritz requested.