HEALTH Minister Zweli Mkhize has given details on phase two vaccine roll-out which is set to start on Monday morning. During a media briefing on Sunday evening, Mkhize said with phase two which is aimed at vaccinating over 5 million senior citizens by the end of June. The immunization will start at 87 vaccine sites on Monday as well as old age homes. The minister said the vaccine that they are going to be rolling out tomorrow is the Pfizer vaccine which recently arrived in South Africa. Though different vaccines will be used, with Pfizer being a double dose vaccine and Johnson & Jonhson being a single dose, people will not have the luxury of choosing which one they want. “You can’t choose the vaccine but you will be told which one you are getting and if there will be a second dose needed and will you give next appointment,” he said. People are discouraged from doing walk-ins on Monday morning as a few sites will be opened. Those who have registered have to wait for an SMS that has the details of where and when they will be getting their jabs. For identification purposes, Mkhize said people should bring with them proof of ID, Driver’s license, passports, or medical aid cards for those who are no medical aids. “If you miss your vaccine appointment for any reason, you will be rescheduled, that is given another date and time to be vaccinated. If you miss three appointments, you will not be rescheduled again. However, you will still be on the system, and can ask to be scheduled again by phoning the COVID-19 hotline or visiting a registration site.” Mkhize also stressed that though vaccine prevents illness and death, it is not 100%. “However no vaccine works 100% and we also still do not know whether vaccination prevents transmission of the virus. It is therefore still important to follow the standard COVID-19 safety precautions to protect yourself and those around you. The health MECs and HOD from all 9 provinces have assured the nation that their respective provinces will be ready for Phase 2. They have taken into consideration the extremely low temperatures required by the Pfizer vaccine and will make use of cooler boxes where there is a need. As a reminder, there are now 5 ways to register on EVDS: 1. online at www.vaccine.enroll.gov.za 2. using the WhatsApp line 0600 123456 3. by SMS- dial *134*832# 4. call the COVID-19 hotline 0800 029 999 5. You can use the new QR- simply scan and follow the prompts. The QR code will be published widely and can be found on the sacoronavirus website or the National Department of Health Website.