WHEN SHE was arrested for murder in 2017 she wasn’t pregnant. But an encounter with a cop in a holding cell has changed all of that. IT SEEMS A CHEAP BRIBE AND A BURST CONDOM HAVE LEFT HER EXPECTING THE COP’S BABY! The 35-year-old woman was sentenced in the Stilfontein Regional Court in Klerksdorp in the North West to 30 years in prison on 16 April. Daily Sun learned that the woman came from Mahikeng Female Prison on 22 September 2020 to the Stilfontein Police Station holding cells. She was kept there with another female detainee while awaiting trial. But now she’s pregnant and allegations are that she had sex with a policeman in Stilfontein. Correctional services spokesman Singabakho Nxumalo said the department is aware of the allegations but that police should be approached for more details. “A statement by the now sentenced inmate is clear about activities leading to the day of the sexual encounter,” said Nxumalo. Her statement and their records showed the poking didn’t happen on prison premises. Nxumalo confirmed the inmate was now back with Correctional Services but at another facility that couldn’t be disclosed. North West police spokesman Brigadier Sabata Mokgwabone confirmed that at the time of the alleged incident, the prisoner had been brought from Rooigrond Prison to the Stilfontein holding cells for trial. “We confirm that the departmental investigation instituted against the member in terms of police discipline regulations is still under way. The member is not on suspension,” said Mokgwabone. A close source said: “A Stilfontein policeman went to the cells where the victim was locked up during the night of 3 October 2020. “He called the victim to another room where there was a wooden bench and table so they could talk about her murder case. But that was when, according to the source, the policeman requested sex. Said the source: “At first she refused but later agreed to have sex with the cop after she was promised toiletries. She realised after sex that the condom had torn apart.” The source said the detainee saw the same policeman the following day. “She said she had a headache and the policeman bought five packets of Disprin, a Coke, chips, chewing gum and sweets,” said the source. The eternally grateful, seemingly satisfied lawman apparently also let her use his cellphone to make a call!