COPS may have fired stun grenades and rubber bullets at protesting undertakers, but they have vowed to continue fighting until their demands were met. Chaos ensued when the undertakers and police battled outside Home Affairs in Tshwane yesterday after they had barricaded the roads. Unification Task Team of the Funeral Industry spokesman Muzi Hlengwa said two members were arrested. “There’s no reason to shoot at us or arrest our members. We are forced to shut down all Home Affairs offices in SA. We will give them seven days to respond to our demands, but we will close offices for seven days,” he said. Hlengwa said funeral undertakers said Certificates of Competence should not form part of the designation number training and examination requirements. “A recommendation letter from a recognised funeral association must be the requirement. Bookings for the examination must be decentralised to district level.”  Hlengwa said details of designated undertakers must be readily accessible on any Home Affairs system. He said the national standard must be implemented to enable appointees and their proxies to register deaths nationally, regardless of the place of death or removal. “All designations withheld because of the certificate must be released and officials demanding money to facilitate registrations must come to an end,” said Hlengwa.  Task team member Nathi Khumalo from Durban said they wanted permanent designation numbers and certificates. He said with numbers, processing death certificates was easy as clients could submit a claim easily to bury their love ones. He also said they had been struggling to access death certificates for four years.  “This has affected our work. We struggle to honour our promises to clients on time.” Another member, George Dlodlo, said black undertakers had been taken advantage of by Home Affairs. “It should have issued us a circular agreeing to our demands.” Home Affairs spokesman Siya Qoza said: “Unification Task Team has direct communication with Home Affairs. The issues they are raising are not new. They are being addressed through the Department of Health and local municipalities through the SA Local Government Association. These three state institutions have met and agreed to grant emerging undertakers a reprieve.” He said undertakers would be able to register deaths for 12 months while the institutions would work towards finding a lasting solution.