MARITZBURG United coach Ernst Middendorp wants his side to quickly forget about their 2-0 defeat to DStv Premiership leaders Mamelodi Sundowns and focus on their remaining five matches. The Team of Choice are in decent form heading into these crunch matches, with only one defeat in their last four matches, which came at the hands of the defending champions Sundowns. The KwaZulu-Natal outfit, who are still looking over their shoulder as they look to avoid the dreaded relegation zone, will hope to bounce back and regain their momentum in the final stages of the season. Middendorp said that he has built a solid team that should be able to hang on to their top-flight status at the end of the season. “You have to look at the season in general of Maritzburg United,” said Middendorp. “After seven games there was only one point to show. And then going into the assessment of players, there have been good players but it did not work with some of the players. “We have now brought in different players to support some of the younger players who have not been part of the team. If you see the line up that we have now and you compare it with what we had in December, then you will see there are six or seven different players. “It is unusual but we have had to build a team during the run of the season. So far, I think we are seeing a lot of improvement. We know our quality. We are not dreaming about the top eight or anything like that. For us, it is important that in the remaining matches we get enough points to survive. The other teams are also fighting, but we just have to keep fighting our own battle.” Things do not get any easier for Maritzburg, who host title contenders Golden Arrows in their next match at Harry Gwala Stadium next Wednesday (3pm). The two sides have had contrasting fortunes this season, with Arrows flying high in the top half while the Team of Choice has struggled on the wrong end of the table. Nevertheless, Middendorp insisted that his side will be up for the KZN derby. “We have to be well prepared for the next game,” added Middendorp. “It is a KZN derby and we need to get maximum points.”