ZULU monarch traditional Prime minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi has rubbished rumors that King Zwelithini’s older son Prince Simakade Zulu wants to challenge newly appointed Zulu king Misuzulu. Buthelezi said that the mediation to Zulu royal house internal squabbles is unnecessary, and they will have the special meeting with Prince Thokozani who stood up after king Misuzulu was named this coming Friday to sort out their issues. He was speaking during a media briefing held at Durban Manor Hotel in Durban on Tuesday, 11 May. Buthelezi said he was asked by Prince Simakade to read a statement on his clarifying his position following public speculation that he intends to contest the throne. Prince Simakade wrote that he wishes to assure everyone that he has never expressed such ambition to anyone. “I have heard that there are talks that there are people who wish me to ascend to this position. And there is nothing I can do about it. “I wish to stress that my aunt Princess Thembi and my uncle Prince Mbonisi, warned us as the late king’s children that once an announcement of any name amongst us is announced to be a successor to the throne. “We as the children of the late king must support whoever that person is amongst us, as long as that comes from the late king or royal family,” Prince Simakade wrote. Prince Simakade is the eldest son of King Zwelithini and his mother was not married to the king and he was raised by late Queen Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu at KwaKhangelamankengane royal palace in Nongoma KZN. Buthelezi made it clear that king Misuzulu doesn't need to be married before he can issue royal decrees as it has widely speculated on social media. “There is no basis for this claims. Indeed the founder of the Zulu monarchy king Shaka was himself voluntarily chose not to marry. King Dingane was celibate by choice, yet he gave ordered and declared wars. “It was only the apartheid regime that insisted that Amakhosi and king must marry before taking over their positions,” he said. Buthelezi said he is not saying that the king will not get married before he takes the throne. “It is quite possible that he may choose to marry. But there is no reason why he's not being married could stop him ascending to the throne or issuing royal decrees. Buthelezi revealed that that last Friday KZN premier Sihle Zikalala and Minister of COGTA Dr Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma offered to mediate to the royal house but they refused. “I consulted the king and the Queen Mother, Queen Mayvis Zungu-Zulu, and asked that I thank the premier and the minister for their offer,” said.