I n  2018, the term sextortion was popular among different publications. There were scams, especially on social media, where people were offered jobs in exchange for sexual favours. Sextortion is the practice of extorting money or sexual favours from someone by threatening to reveal evidence of their sexual activities. Security expert and J2 Software CEO, John McLoughlin, points to several versions of this cyber attack. Some take place on WhatsApp and others via email. He said sextortion or sexual bribery is a serious criminal offence and is an ever-growing problem for authorities worldwide. It’s easy to become a victim and it can have a devastating effect on people from all walks of life. Online victims are often contacted by perpetrators in the form of a social media friend request or via online chat rooms or dating sites. Another tactic is for a cybercriminal to use compromised credentials to send unsuspecting victims sextortion emails. They include the victim’s real password in the subject line of the email – to prove they have access to the victim’s personal information. “Almost immediately, the beautiful girl shares intimate pictures and asks for the same in return. There’s an almost aggressive exchange to ensure the unsuspecting victim sends compromising pictures that include showing their face. “There are numerous ways to combat this, the simplest being to ensure you stay far from any illicit websites and ensure you change your passwords or use a reputable password manager,” said John. According to John, another alarming trend is for cyber attackers to use compromised and leaked passwords that are easily available on the dark web and cyber underground. The tone is menacing and becomes increasingly urgent as they intimidate with threats of exposure and public humiliation. “Never send compromising images or selfies to anyone, no matter who they are or who they say they are. More importantly, do not open attachments from strangers and ensure the web camera and microphone is switched off when you are not using them,” he concluded. With the rise of women realising their worth and going for what they want they have become victims of sextortion and they do not speak out about it because they do not know the impact, it has on their image and career. Lindiwe Malinga (not her real name) said as a woman in the corporate world she was made to believe the only way to make it to the top was by sleeping with a male who was in a high position. “I once was a victim of sextortion and it was hard to clean my image thereafter. The lesson learned from that episode was: be extra-careful when dealing with women. They have hidden agendas. I think that is how they gain power over you because they are power-hungry.,” she warned. She said she didn’t know that sextortion is an offense because there isn’t much said about it. Mncedisi Ndaba (also, not his real name) said he felt people who use sex as bribery were narcissists. who want to control people with their body and think they have control over them. “I was offered sex by many females because of my position at work. When I refused they’d spread rumours that I’m gay and I am fine with that because a lot is happening in the country and I do not want to be a statistics.”