THREE of the four suspects accused of killing a 36-year-old man from Zwelisha in Kabokweni, Mpumalanga, were granted R1 000 bail each. Sithandwa Khoza (46), Nokwanda Nkosi (18), Nomalanga Mabuza (34) and Themba Gumedze (36) appeared in the Kabokweni Magistrates Court on Thursday, 13 May facing charges of kidnapping, assault and murder. On 30 April, the four allegedly kidnapped Williat Nobela, accusing him of stealing a pot filled with meat. They further assaulted him with sharp objects, including a spade. His bruised body was discovered at Khoza’s gate, who has since abandoned her bail application. The community has accused Khoza of being a drug dealer who had been terrorising the community for years. According to the deceased’s nephew Lihle Nobela (23), the accused was making bricks for Khoza. He alleged that Khoza failed to pay his uncle, who then decided to leave with the pot. Nobela said he found his uncle tied with wires and was further assaulted with a spade. “I’m still traumatised by what I saw. My uncle was killed like a rat. What happened is painful and no one deserves to die like this,” he said. Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Abednigo Mathebula said the dead man was assaulted with pipes. He said according to the statement, the deceased went to Khoza’s house and gained entry through the back door. He said he took items and left. “Nkosi saw him carrying the items. She alerted the other suspects, who then started searching for him. They found him and allegedly assaulted him with plastic pipes,” he said. Resident Thulani Hlahla said he was not impressed with how the state led its evidence during bail application. He said they were going to challenge the decision taken by the court because they believed the accused were dangerous to the community. “We’re in possession of a video that shows how the deceased was killed. We gave the cops the video, but we are surprised it was not used as evidence. We feel the justice system is failing us as the community as well as the family. These people don’t deserve to be outside; they are a threat to the community. If they are able to kill a person over something like this, it means they are capable of doing anything,” he said. The case was postponed to 19 July for further investigations.