IT seems the Zulu royal divisions and squabbles are far from over, despite attempts to resolve them. On Wednesday, Zulu monarch Prime Minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi threw yet another shade at late King Zwelithini’s siblings Princess Thembi Zulu-Ndlovu and Prince Mbonisi Zulu. Buthelezi accused ANC top leaders of being behind Princess Thembi and Prince Mbonisi regarding the squabbles and divisions. He told Daily Sun that he knew the people who had discussed the language of plans as Princess Thembi, and that they learnt it from the ANC-external mission with the propaganda of their leader Nobleman Nxumalo’s book, Gatsha Buthelezi: Chief with a Double Agenda. “This is the ANC’s Bible. They use it to preach all of the mistakes Princess Thembi is saying as their parrot. I know that top ANC leaders are encouraging them to do this because that is their way of tricks,” he said. He lashed out at Princess Thembi, who was quoted as saying Buthelezi’s position expired a long time ago. “I was surprised when Princess Thembi said the King never had a prime minister. It’s a disgrace because I was at Nhlapho Commission when Professor Nhlapho, who was the chairman of the commission, asked that the position was still available. A delegation of royal house members was sent by the King to the commission. Princess Thembi answered the question because she was older, and said I was the prime minister during her father’s reign, and still am during her brother’s” he said. Buthelezi said he was appointed by his cousin king Bhekuzulu in 1956 at KwaDukuza during King Shaka’s tombstone unveiling. “I told King Zwelithini to appoint his own traditional prime minister many times before, but he didn’t. He used me.” Buthelezi revealed that the post mortem of the late Queen Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu would be available in two weeks. The Queen died last Thursday, and her death has caused more chaos in the royal house after allegations that she was poisoned. Princess Thembi and Princess Mbonisi were also quoted as saying after the poisoning of the Queen was revealed, they were looked at like killers in the public eye. Princess Thembi told Daily Sun that they were not members of any political party and no ANC top leaders were behind them. “We have decided to never entertain Buthelezi from now on,” she said. KZN ANC spokesman Nhlakanipho Ntombela told Daily Sun that what Buthelezi said was untrue. “The ANC is also concerned about the royal house crises. We have given them a chance to resolve their issues internally and have no reason to interfere. We wish them good luck in solving their problems, and we hope they do so soon,” he said. Prince Mbonisi refused to comment.