KAIZER Chiefs’ reserve team captain Sabelo “Bibo” Radebe has vowed to lead his side to DStv Diski Challenge Rewired glory this season. The Young Glamour Boys sealed their spot in the semi-final of the competition with a game to spare. They topped Stream Two with a whopping 18 points after winning six of their matches and losing just once. They finished five points clear of Mamelodi Sundowns, who bagged the other semi-final spot after they finished second. Arthur Zwane’s charges will now face AmaZulu in the semi-final, who finished second in Stream One with 13 points. Cape Town City finished top of that stream with 14 points and will now face Sundowns in the other semi-final. Amakhosi skipper Radebe insists that they intend to go all the way in the competition and fulfil a promise they made to their mentor Zwane. “We are looking forward to the next stage,” said the 21-year-old from Soweto. “We have to keep the same spirit and attitude in the next round, we can’t relax just because we have qualified. We have to keep winning and giving the best of ourselves.“At the beginning of the competition, we promised our coach that we would play to win all nine games, including the semi-final and the final. “We don’t care who we come up against, we just going to play nine games and win this tournament. That’s the promise we made to our coach and we intend to fulfil our promise.” Radebe is one of a few youngsters in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) reserve league who are also part of their club’s first team. Although he is yet to make an appearance for Gavin Hunt’s side this season, Radebe is grateful to just be in the fold. He is encouraged by the progress of former teammates in the Diski Challenge Happy Mashiane, Nkosingiphile Ngcobo and Njabulo Blom. The trio has cemented their positions in the senior team, playing key roles for Amakhosi this season. “I am so grateful to be part of the reserve team as well as the first team,” added Radebe. “The first team is doing well now in Caf and trying to finish in the top eight. The reserve side is also doing very well in the DStv Diski Challenge. It’s amazing for me to be part of these two sides.”