Dancer and choreographer Lefty Mbenenge has dedicated his debut album to his late mum. The creative, who was born in Carletonville in the West Rand, said because this was his first attempt at music, it made sense for him to dedicate it to his mum. Titled Mpho, the album will be released later this year. Speaking to SunBuzz, Lefty said: “Mpho is my late mum’s name. I lost her at an early age. Now I want to thank her and also talk about all the things I’ve gone though without her. I know she’d be proud of me and the man I’ve become, hence I dedicate this album to her.” The singer was not in a rush to drop the album, though. “I recently released my first single Umthandazo, and its video. I also dropped my single, Zoom in February, which is about how everything has moved to virtual because of the pandemic. I’m focusing on pushing those songs while working on my album,” said the musician. Lefty, who has danced for the legendary Johnny Clegg and choreographed for So You Think You Can Dance South Africa, said he’s always been known as a dancer. ALSO READ | KGOMOTSO DEFENDS NONKU “I’ve loved dance from when I was a kid. Growing up, my gogo would make us dance and compete and I always won. “It was always in me. I started pursuing it professionally after grade 12. “I joined a group of dancers and we used to win competitions,” he said. “Unfortunately, my mum didn’t want me to dance, so I didn’t study it. Instead, I attended a lot of dance workshops. Through them, I met David Matamela, who’s one of the best choreographers in the country. He introduced me to Johnny and that’s when everything started for me,” said Lefty. The dancer made a name for himself after choreographing the first season of So You Think You Can Dance. “From there, I worked at the World Cup in 2010, travelled the world with Johnny and came back to choreograph for season two and three of the dance show. “I also starred on dance movie, Hear Me Move. There are so many things I’ve done for dance and in dance, hence I’m now trying music. I can’t wait for people to hear more,” said Lefty.