IT’S a mess now... and Pitso Mosimane’s agent Moira Tlhagale has lifted the lid on Mamelodi Sundowns’ treatment of the Al Ahly head coach in the eight years he’s been with the club. There’s a Setswana idiom that Go dubegile thankga, go madubadube (things have gotten out of control), and this is the case with the relationship between Mosimane and his former employers. A bunch of hooligans, who masqueraded as Sundowns fans and clad in the club’s colours, caused the whole tumult when they insulted Mosimane while also threatening the Al Ahly team in the bus. Sundowns have since apologised to Al Ahly, while national football controlling body, Safa, have also condemned the fans’ behaviour. The coaches association has also weighed in on the matter, condemning the attack on Mosimane. Tlhagale, who is the managing director of MT Sports Marketing and Management, which is Mosimane’s agent, reacted angrily yesterday to the treatment meted on her client. According to Tlhagale, they “trust and believe that this matter and the necessary truths that need to be revealed will finally come to the fore, in due course”. “Our stance is that we will not allow for such callous bullying of our client,” Tlhagale said in a statement. “To this effect, as the management company of coach Pitso, we are disappointed that Sundowns have not apologised to him personally, but issued a general statement apologising to Al Ahly ‘and those associated with the team’. “This is not good enough. The insults were directed at coach Pitso in his personal capacity and to his mother. We hope that the entire Sundowns family will continue to look at the success of Pitso as something to celebrate, not vilify.” Mosimane came under attack ahead of Al Ahly’s Caf Champions League quarter-final clash against Sundowns, which they drew 1-1 and ultimately Brazilians knocked out 3-1 on aggregate. And Mosimane reacted after the game and promised to tell all when the time is right in a memoir. “There are sections of Sundowns that have never accepted or made peace with Pitso Mosimane being part of the Sundowns family,” said Tlhagale, emphasising they’ll take no more interviews. “This is regardless of all the successes he contributed to the club as the head coach of the club from December 2012 to September 2020 (seven years, nine months) and 11 titles later,” said the statement. “For years, including the time that Mosimane was Sundowns coach, there were many known examples of disruption and efforts to usurp his position within the club...”