A DISCUSSION hosted last week about our collective places of memory and preserving them couldn’t have been more timeous. With stories about Robben Island falling into disrepair last month and on Saturday, a Reuters story announced the closure of the Apartheid Museum. Soweto tour guide Bongani Ndlovu told Reuters his small business was suffering as a result of museum closures. “Places like the Apartheid Museum, and a place like this,” Ndlovu said, pointing at the Mandela house. “They’re big attractions for international visitors. We wanted these places to be maintained.” Last Thursday’s discussion about saving our places of memory was hosted by the Liliesleaf Site of Memory and Consciousness in celebration of a virtual exhibition to celebrate Europe Day and the contribution of the European Union in the fight against apartheid. The online event was also supported by Daily Sun and Liliesleaf CEO, Nicholas Wolpe, who said the new struggle was keeping the memory alive. “Since liberation people don’t remember, don’t know, they don’t just get it.” The panel included Tali Nates, the founder and executive director of the Johannesburg Holocaust and Genocide Centre. A descendant of holocaust survivors rescued by Oskar Schindler, she asked the all-important question: “Who should pay for memory work?” She used Germany as an example, saying memory centres could take decades to be built, then they must be maintained. The Holocaust Memorial in Berlin, for example, was only inaugurated on 10 May 2005. Auschwitz reserved as a museum in 1947 and attracts 2,3 million visitors a year. It is situated in Poland. When the site was where more than 1,1 million people were murdered, it wasn’t in Poland. It was part of Germany. So who should pay? She said: “It’s difficult to remember a painful past, but it’s necessary.” Historian and founder of Mindburst Workshop, Thebe Morake, said building an appreciation of history was paramount if we were to preserve our past and continue learning from it. He said the younger generations “know history, but don’t appreciate it”. Two young historians and activists also joined the panel to give a fresh perspective on the questions that needed asking. Benny Mojela said sites of memory needed to be protected the same way religious people protected their places of worship. Revai Boterere, who is a passionate activist for community development, said we needed to ask ourselves how we’re using our historic resources to build a sustainable and just future. Wolpe said in conclusion it was our collective responsibility to decide “how we bring the past into the present to be a compass to the future”. You can visit the virtual exhibition curated in support of Europe Day which was on 9 May: https://devhsoft.co.za/