Safa president Danny Jordaan has downplayed Hugo Broos’ age, saying it doesn't matter in the football space. The new Bafana Bafana coach, who is 69, was unveiled by Safa on Wednesday on a five-year deal. In essence, should be finish his term, which is highly unlikely considering the history of South African football and its coaches, Broos will part ways with Safa in 2026 aged 74. The Belgium international won the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) with Cameroon in 2017 when they defeated record winners Egypt. In a malaga media briefing, Jordaan said Broos' age shouldn't be a concern. “Mario Zagalo coached Brazil to the World cup triumph (in 2002) at the old age of 71. Age is not the issue. He (Broos) won the Afcon with Cameroon. So we shouldn’t use this as a factor in our appointment,” said the Caf presidential advisor to Patrice Motsepe. Broos, whose career has seen him coach more than five clubs in Belgium - JS Kabylie in Algeria‚ Trabzonspor in Turkey, Greek club Panserraikos and Al Jazira of Abu Dhabi - expressed, via zoom, his concerned about the current state of Bafana Bafana. He said the squad needs a "rebuilding". “I was a little bit surprised when I saw the selection of the last games (against Ghana and Sudan in the Afcon qualifiers in March), that there was such a lot of players of 30 years and more,” said Broos. “So I think we have to rebuild the younger team. We can take the example of Cameroon. I did the same there.” With this in his mind, Broos has little time to familiarise himself with South African football, as he has to hit the ground running for the 2022 Fifa World Cup qualifiers. His immediate task will be to guide Bafana to the 2022 World Cup qualifiers against Zimbabwe on 5 June and five days later when Bafana host Ghana.But the qualifiers could still be postponed to September due to the rising number of Covid-19 cases, and threats of third wave. Bafana’s Group G includes Ethiopia, who they're scheduled for September. But Broos sounded confident that they can get the job done. “We will do everything, everything to qualify for the World Cup next year, but it can be a deception if we don't. Because when you're starting to rebuild a team it needs time,” he said. Unlike the Afcon qualifiers where the top two in each group qualify for the finals, the World Cup needs one winner in each group of ten. Winners of each group of 10 will be paired in the play-offs (home and away). Winners in those ten nations will qualify for the World Cup finals in Qatar. This means the pressure has already started for Broos without having set foot in the country. He's expected in the country on Monday, if Safa has its way.