“MY heart is broken into a million tiny pieces.” These were the words in a heartfelt letter written by Isaac Mogase’s wife of nearly 60 years, Netta. The letter was read by family member, Thato Maruping, during the funeral service of the late icon who died on 27 April. The City of Joburg declared a civic funeral for the 87-year-old first post-apartheid mayor. It was held at the Bryanston Catholic Church in the north of Joburg on Thursday, 6 May. “My husband, the last few days since your sudden passing, have been the darkest. The questions I ask from God are endless and have no answers. “Why did you leave us so suddenly? How will I continue without you? My heart is broken into a million tiny pieces. “In our marriage you gave the children and I the very best of you. Thank you is not enough. You knew how to love unconditionally, forgive easily, inspire, nurture and protect. “Through all thick and thin, sickness and health, you always provided for our needs while sacrificing yours. Your were truly dedicated to the family and community.” She said she’d always remember his gentle smile, charming sense of humour, his sense of fun and adventure as well as the lessons he taught them. “You were so full of life. We will continue to celebrate your legacy of love and you will forever be in our hearts. We thank God to have gifted us with your precious soul and he’s now called you home. Goodbye, my dear sweetheart. May the lord bless you until we meet again,” it read. ALSO READ: NIGHT OF BOOZING ENDS IN BLOOD, TEARS! Meanwhile, speaker after speaker described Mogase as a giant who lived an authentic life. Mogase’s son Mutle said: “I’m here before you today saying words I never wanted to say, giving a speech I never wanted to give, feeling the loss I never wanted to feel.” He described his father as humble, respectful and extraordinary He said: “I know for certain that my father wouldn’t have achieved half of the things he’d achieved if he wasn’t married to this amazing wife, my mother. Mama, thank you. Papa always said to me: ‘Be careful who you get married to because you will never know, one day you’ll end up as a president’. He set a high standard for us.” Among the dignitaries who attended Mogase’s funeral were Joburg Mayor Geoff Makhubo, former mayors Amos Masondo and Parks Tau, former Gauteng premier Mbhazima Shilowa, ANC chief whip Solomon Mogase, and speaker of the city Nonceba Molwele. Mogase served as the City of Joburg Mayor from 1995 to 2000. In 2004, he served as an ANC MP and later as the party’s chief whip in parliament before his retirement. He’s survived by his wife, three children and nine grandkids.