DESPERATE PEOPLE borrow money because they have to keep their families alive. And as they struggle to pay, the money lenders charge any interest they like. IT’S A VICIOUS DEBT TRAP AND THE MASHONISAS ARE COINING IT! A mashonisa based in Tembisa in Gauteng, who’s been lending money since 2017, told Daily Sun that his customers have doubled since the beginning of lockdown. He said: “Most of my customers are single parents, They need money to pay for school transport, food and other emergencies.” He said with the increase in demand he even runs out of cash a week before month-end. Another mashonisa said customers find it hard to break the chains. “People come to us when banks reject them when they don’t qualify for loans,” he said. “We’re their last hope. They agree to any interest rate we charge.” Some of his customers have taken salary cuts. “I don’t mind to loan out big amounts of money but I need something to hold on to as my security,” he said. He said one of his customers, who needed a R40 000 loan with an agreement to pay in instalments, gave his Hyundai i10 as security until he was done paying. “People have families to take care of and financial institutions are not there for people without money,” he said. One of his customers, a general worker at a hospital, said his life depended on the mashonisa. “Every month I pay a huge amount of money to him and after a few days I’m back to borrow more. My wife doesn’t work and we have three young children,” he said. He said the cost of living, the virus, the lack of pay increases and food prices have all added to making things worse. “I have a number of accounts which I’m paying and banks won’t help me,” he said. DebtBusters’ 2021 first-quarter debt index shows the number of South Africans seeking help to manage their debt rose sharply, with many borrowing to compensate for a lack of increase in real income. The debt management company said the need for debt counselling has risen 31%. Benay Sager, head of DebtBusters, said many consumers are seeking help as banks’ payment holidays from 2020 came to an end. “Consumers continue to supplement their income with more unsecured credit,” he said. “The positive news is that more consumers, particularly men, are proactively seeking help. There has been a 56% increase in the number of clients successfully completing debt counselling since 2016.” According to Statistics SA, the unemployment rate increased from 30,8% in the third quarter of 2020 to 32,5% in the fourth quarter of 2020 – the highest unemployment rate recorded since the start of the Quarterly Labour Force Survey in 2008. According to the survey, there was an increase of 333 000 in the number of employed people, an increase of 701 000 in the number of unemployed people, and a decrease of 890 000 in the number of people who’re out of the labour force in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to the previous quarter. 