TO say Mamelodi Sundowns face an uphill battle against Al Ahly is an understatement. Turning around the Caf Champions League quarterfinal tie against the Egyptian giants will take more effort than solving the vexing ANC’s “step-aside” conundrum. As Downs coach Manqoba Mngqithi would readily admit, their failure to score the crucial away goal, when they lost 2-0 in Cairo at the weekend, has added to the pressure. It wasn’t for lack of trying, though, as Sundowns held their own against the defending champions. And perhaps that is the reason Mngqithi is hopeful they can turn around the tie in the return leg in Tshwane on Saturday. “I have never seen Sundowns defeat Al Ahly in Egypt, nor have I ever seen Al Ahly play on the counter-attacks in their stadium. The first half is over, and the second will be in South Africa,” said Mngqithi. “We played well and unfortunately, we did not score. We dominated the midfield and wasted more than one chance. Mohamed El-Shennawy was very present and saved more than one goal. “I respect Al Ahly. They have smart players like Mohamed Sherif, Afsha and Taher Mohamed. I am convinced that we are a great team, and this is just a one match loss. “The qualification rate is 60% in favour of Al Ahly. However, we have the advantage of playing the second leg at our stadium. We will be able to score multiple goals.” (Ahly coach) Pitso Mosimane seemed to agree with Mngqithi, saying the tie was not over yet. “The match still has a heartbeat. Mamelodi Sundowns can still turn it around. I had sleepless nights about Sundowns,” said Mosimane. “I watched seven of their games.” No doubt Sundowns missed the influence of Themba Zwane, who could not pass a fitness test. “Zwane was not ready for the game,” Mngqithi said. “The players did what they had to do, and if we scored, our chances in qualification would have changed. But we will be able to score in the second leg. “If Al Ahly play the same way they did here, they will face a problem because they will have to play on the counter-attacks. Mosimane knows everything about Sundowns for sure, but the reality will be different in the next match.”