Zulu regent, Queen Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu was described as a peace builder and resolution champion during her memorial service. It was held at the KwaKhangelamankengane royal palace in Nongoma, KZN, on Friday, 7 May. Her son, Prince Misuzulu, made his first public appearance since he was named as the late King Goodwill Zwelithini’s successor. The memorial service was attended by former president Jacob Zuma, Co-operative Governance Minister Dr Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize and Police Minister Bheki Cele. King Zwelithini’s widows also attended the memorial wearing the same mourning clothes, while the eldest wife Queen Sibongile Dlamini wore a different one. Prince Misuzulu addressed mourners through his sister, Princess Ntandoyesizwe Zulu, who read his speech on the podium. “We as princes and princesses of the king will continue to love and respect the royal house queens and we have no doubt that we will unite as a family. “It is our belief that united we stand and divided we fall. Let us emulate the late king by being peaceful and adopting the spirit of unity,” he said. The Zulu royal house held Queen Mantfombi’s memorial service while their internal squabbles are still unresolved. The Zulu royal house’s senior queen, Mavis Zungu-Zulu, who’s the only surviving wife of the late King Bhekuzulu who was the father of King Zwelithini, praised queen Mantfombi’s for championing cultural activities and building the nation.  “We cry because we appointed her as regent to reign until she gives the throne to the next king. We noticed that she was ill but we had a hope that she will recover. “We have noticed that King Zwelithini just came back and took her because they were already done with their race on earth,” she said.  Princess Bukhosibemvelo Zulu said: “My mother was the custodian of culture and she was the master of African traditional leader’s diplomacy.” KZN Premier Sihle Zikalala asked the royal house to unite and solve their internal squabbles as soon as possible. “It is important that our rich history must not die during our time. It is important for the royal house to resolve their issues.  “Their fighting in the royal family has a potential of dividing the nation and delays development,” he said. Queen Mantfombi’s brother Prince Guduza Dlamini asked the queens to rise and take care of his sister’s children.  Zulu nation Prime Minister, Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi announced the Zulu royal house will have special meeting this afternoon to read Queen Mantfombi’s will. 