RAPPER Cassper Nyovest and producer Prince Kaybee have tweeps excited about a possible boxing match between them. The musicians are currently organising the boxing match and are promising to knock each other out. This was started by Cassper Nyovest, who suggested that South African celebrities should also box because American celebs do it. “Celebrity boxing is sooo big in the States. I think we could make decent money in Africa with it too. It could also boost boxing on the continent. Who do you think would make a great boxing fight?” he asked on Twitter. His tweet escalated with people suggesting which celebs they think should be in a boxing match. He later tweeted and said people are saying he and Prince Kaybee should be in a boxing fight. “I’ve been tweeting about #CelebrityBoxing since last night and the fights people would want to see. A lot of people are saying me and Princess Kaybee. I know he likes talking, but I don’t think he has the guts to get in the ring with me. If he is game, I’m definitely game,” wrote Cassper on Twitter. ALSO READ : BIG XHOSA PROMISES TO BEAT UP CASSPER NYOVEST! Tweeps were entertained when Prince Kaybee responded and said he has been longing to fight with Cassper. He was also shocked that Cassper unblocked him on Twitter. The musicians then started planning the boxing match. “Let’s goooooooooo!!!!!! I know you been wanting my attention, you have it now. Let’s pick a date and run it!!! My people will call yours and we pick a date,” wrote Cassper. Cassper then posted a video of a boxing match where one of the boxers is knocked down and he cries. He said that would be Prince Kaybee after the fight. Prince Kaybee said he hopes Cassper’s suggestion of a boxing match is not a PR stunt because he’s looking forward to it. “I hope and pray to God this is not another PR stunt, so help me God. Enough talking, see you in the ring mate,” wrote Prince Kaybee. Cassper’s team asked for Prince Kaybee’s details and Prince Kaybee confirmed that they sent an email. I been tweeting about #CelebrityBoxing since last night and the fights people would want to see. A lot of people are saying me and Princess Kaybee. I know he likes talking big shit but I don't think he has the guts to get in the ring with me. If he is game, im definitely game. Let's goooooooooo!!!!!! I know you been wanting my attention, you have it now.. Let's pick a date and run it!!! My people will call yours and we pick a date. https://t.co/lL9z05fBiD I don’t even want money, Infact I’m gnna donate all that stash. All I want is that short MF nxa... I hope and pray to GOD this is not another PR STUNT, so help me God. Enough talking, see you in the ring mate???? https://t.co/j0HfgX2ZzI HE SENT THE EMAIL???????????????????????????????? 