WHAT are Gavin Hunt’s options to end the crises at Kaizer Chiefs? Hang the players out to dry, blame referees to deflect attention or perhaps lament the injuries? There are a range of excuses readily available for coaches who often promise big, but deliver less. So far, the Amakhosi coach has said all the excuses. Forget about the Fifa transfer ban. Hunt has failed in his task to turn Chiefs’ floundering fortunes around. As things stand, the Soweto giants, one of the biggest sporting brands in the country, could miss out on a top-eight spot. In fact, there is a remote yet distinct possibility that they could be sucked into the relegation whirlpool if results don’t improve in their last four matches. Chiefs in a relegation battle? It is as inconceivable as one secretary-general suspending his immediate boss. No one expected Amakhosi to win the league, given that they could not sign players as a result of the ban. But those who have followed Amakhosi closely this season would concur that their position on the log is unacceptable. And it all points to Hunt. They say a measure of a good coach is not only about the number of trophies he wins. It’s also his ability to lift a team from the doldrums, even in the face of adversity, be it a Fifa transfer ban, suspension or a spate of injuries to key players. There is no doubt that Hunt is a good coach, with a proven track record. He once transformed Black Leopards when it was unfashionable for city coaches to settle in baking hot Thohoyandou. He delivered Moroka Swallows their first trophy in 13 years, went on to achieve three successive league championships with SuperSport United and delivered Wits University their first league title in a 95-year history. His credentials qualify him for the big job he currently occupies, and his appointment was rightly met with unbridled joy. But perhaps he is just not the right person for the job. Notwithstanding the Fifa transfer ban, Hunt should have made the better of a bad situation. The outstanding run in the Caf Champions League could be his saving grace. But there is little hope that Hunt will do any better, even with his “own” squad next season. Will he have the time to rebuild the team, and enjoy the continued support of the fans, who are staging a protest today? I doubt it. Perhaps this is not the job Hunt should have accepted, knowing the situation he was getting himself into when he inherited a team low on morale and quality players. Enough with the excuses, coach. on Twitter via @Kgomotsso