ANOTHER MP goes to 'Harvard' in the Democratic Alliance! Phumzile Van Damme has resigned as a Member of Parliament and from the Democratic Alliance. In a statement released on Thursday evening, the DA's spokesman Siviwe Gwarube said the party had received and accepted her resignation. "We extend our best wishes to Phumzile and thank her for her extraordinary service to the DA in Parliament and by extension, the country. "From taking on Bell Pottinger, fighting for an independent SABC, and her tenure as DA National Spokesperson - Phumzile demonstrated her talent as a political communicator and a parliamentarian," Gwarube said. The party has wished her future endeavours. Some of the established politicians who have resigned from the party include Lindiwe Mazibuko who resigned from the DA as the Parliamentary in 2014, saying she was going to Harvard University. In 2019, the outspoken former party leader, Mmusi Maimane stepped down from the DA and as a member of parliament. After his departure, Athol Trollip followed suit with the former mayor of Joburg, Herman Mashaba. Announcing her resignation, Van Damme released a statement
and said her decision to resign was not an easy one. “I worked hard and made sure I excelled, and in reflecting
on my time as an MP I can unequivocally say that I am happy with my career and
the mark I leave behind through my contribution to South African politics,” she
said. Van Damme said she would not be joining another party. “Nonetheless, in a climate of rumours and the need to create
heroes and villains, my resignation as an MP is not because the DA is a
so-called ‘racist party’ but because of a clique of individuals,” she said. The outgoing DA member said she would not be drawn into any
negativity that may emanate from the party. “Should the party choose to destroy my reputation and impugn
my character, I will not engage in a back-and-forth. “My good record of service and work speaks for itself, and I
will not partake in any gunfights I am called to be part of,” she added. 