MASKANDI
artist, Khuzani Mpungose has lent a helping hand to the family of the late
Zithulele “Majotha” Zungu. The Thulu’ngasho
(39) died from an undisclosed illness in the King Edward VIII Hospital on
Friday, 7 May. During his
visit to the family on Friday, 14 May, Khuzani through his funeral scheme,
Khuzani Funeral Plan, donated R15 000. Speaking to
Daily Sun, Khuzani said Majotha’s passing during this difficult time
touched him. “Most of
us, artists, have been hit hard by Covid-19. We really had it hard as artists
in the past year since the outbreak. It was because of this thought that it
clicked in me that his death is a pain we all feel. When one of us passes away,
the family should not carry everything by themselves. We as, fellow artists,
need to assist wherever we can,” said Khuzani. ALSO READ:MASKANDI STAR TO RECEIVE DIGNIFIED BURIAL He said
even though he has never worked on any project with Majotha, they used to meet in
studio where they recorded their music separately. He said
they would also meet at maskandi music gigs such as Gcwalisa iMabhida which he
did in 2019. “We would
greet one another nicely and share jokes before we each get to business. He was
a humble guy that I respected so much as he was older than me in the industry.
His passing really came as a great shock to maskandi musicians,” said
Khuzani. His
brother, Cebo, said they welcomed the donation they received from
Khuzani. “He came
with other maskandi artists to console us in our home. It was during this visit
that he made the donation. We thank him for his donation as well as other
offerings that we got from other maskandi artists and people,” said Cebo. He said it
pained them that it has been wildly spread that they were unable to bury their
loved one. “We would
like to clarify that we wouldn’t have had a problem burying an ‘ordinary’
Zithulele Zungu. The problem started when Zithulele Zungu ventured into
maskandi music and became a popular person. That became a challenge for us
because we know he was loved by many people across the country. That’s how we
ended up realising we would have a difficulty handling his burial,” said
Cebo. Daily
Sun previously
reported the Department of Arts and Culture has also assisted in the burial
costs. Majotha
will be buried in his homestead in Okhukho area in Maphumulo, northern KZN, on
Sunday, 16 May.