AS more people feel the financial pinch, many are sinking into more debt. But even during such trying times, experts say adopting healthy credit habits will make a huge difference in how we manage our finances. Hippo.co.za CEO Bradley Du Chenne said many people have seen their credit health getting significantly worse since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic. This is a result of many jobs being lost, salaries reduced and savings being spent – which puts the spotlight on a national need for healthy credit habits. Bradley said Mzansi people need to pay close attention to paying their accounts, servicing their loans, managing their credit cards and settling their debts. “If the opening months of 2021 have shown us anything, it’s that 2020 isn’t done with us yet,” said Bradley. Since last year’s Covid-19 outbreak, effects are still strong on our finances. He said people need to tighten their belts and budgets as things continue to get tough. He recommends the following four good credit habits: 1) PAYING ACCOUNTS On Time The golden rule is to pay every bill on time, every time. “A missed or late payment could have a negative impact on your personal credit score, which lenders use to determine whether or not to provide you with credit in the future,” he warned. 2) Comparing Loan Options Many people in Mzansi turn to personal loans to help them make ends meet. “Taking out a personal loan is a big financial decision and one that no one should make lightly or blindly. You should only take out a loan if the repayments are well within your affordability range.” Also, make it a habit to compare offers on all financial products – from personal loans to home loans and vehicle finance. 3) Check for Extra Fees Most people know that interest is charged on credit card debt, but Bradley reminds us that interest is not the only fee banks will charge you. “Depending on the bank or account, you can also be charged an initiation fee when you first open a credit account, a monthly account fee and international transaction fees,” he said. “Research and make sure you understand all the fees involved and how they make up the full cost.” 4) Managing Debt Debt counselling and consolidation can be the life-saving element of poorly managed personal loans. But if you communicate effectively with your creditors, you might not need those services. “Lenders have policies in place to assist with requests for relaxed payment terms during difficult times.”