BULLETPROOF windows and great driving skills saved the lives of two escort guards in an cash-in-transit vehicle after it was attacked last week. The two were on the road when armed gunmen opened fire on their Toyota Land Cruiser, which fortunately for them, was bulletproof. A round, which appeared to be from an assault rifle, was aimed directly at the driver but it failed to penetrate the armoured escort vehicle. The driver of the vehicle, who was apparently in the police task force, was lauded for the way he handled the situation. Some even hoped he would get a movie role and others went far as comparing him to James Bond. NicholasStroeb2 tweeted, “Hats off to the driver. He kept himself calm and kept checking the side mirrors. The way he was handling the vehicle... The passenger’s to relaxed. They need to do a polygraph here. Just check the video and notice the passenger’s body language at some moments!!!” Donovan Turvey wrot: “These guys are very well trained. Just look at the passenger’s trigger awareness. It’s the difference between trained and amateur. Amateurs keep their fingers on the trigger and fire by accident. Very well done to these two. Keeping calm in the moment is key. BonginkosiWabantu wrote: “I’m super proud of the driver. They both seem to be expecting the worst but did what they could while they had the chance. Now I’m convinced the vehicles they use play a major role in how things end. If it was a truck... Both would be dead today... This Landy (Land Cruiser) helped.” National Police spokesman, BrigadierVish Naidoo said: “On Thursday, 22 April, a group of men tried to rob a CIT vehicle on the N4 in Pretoria. The suspects fired several shots at the CIT vehicle in an attempt to stop it during a high speed chase. “The driver of the CIT vehicle managed to evade the robbers for a while but later stopped in wait for the robbers. The robbers fled without taking any money. No arrests have yet been made.” Failed cash-in-transit heist in Johannesburg. Both men survived. Tragically the occupants of an escort vehicle were also attacked. One of them, Corne Gerber, was reportedly killed and another was wounded. pic.twitter.com/KNTXh4c06t 