THE leading ladies of the church in Pastors’ Wives are coming together for a reunion tomorrow, 7 May. The Honey TV reality show led by Nandipha Mlombi, Phume Khetang, Anietie Ezeimo, Adeola Da Costa-Ayo and Innocent Sadiki has come to an end and they will be reuniting for part one of the reunion. Part two will be broadcast next Friday, 14 May. The reunion will see the wives taking viewers through never-before-seen footage. They unpack their confessions, and explain the backstories behind all the drama. The reunion will be hosted by Sonia Mbele, who also created the show. The past season has seen the wives fighting, calling each other names and going as far making each other cry because of fights. It also saw them making peace and coming together with their husbands as well. Season one is set to repeat from 21 May. Honey TV is also introducing new shows in celebration of Africa Month. ALSO READ | LIFE WITH KELLY KHUMALO SEASON 2 GETS SPICY “This May, Honey is thrilled to bring you fresh lifestyle and reality entertainment for Africa Month. In a dynamic collaboration with producers and talent from the west, east and south, the month of May brings a vibrant offering. With new seasons of your favourite shows, first-time originals, and a reunion special with our beloved Pastors’ Wives, Honey TV is celebrating Africa,” they in a press release. One of the new shows they are introducing is Nollywood Queens. The glamorous show will follow Nigerian actors Nuella Njubigbo, Belinda Effah, Venita Akpofure, Mercy Isoyip and Mimi Orjiekwe on their journeys as actors, and also show their personal lives. It starts on Friday, 21 May at 9pm. Mom vs. Wife: Zambia, which starts on Tuesday, 18 May is a cooking competition between a man’s wife and mum. They both cook his favourite meal. He tastes blind folded and chooses his favourite. The woman who has whipped up the best dish, wins. Wawu, That’s My Dress Kenya will follow brides who are looking for the perfect wedding dress. The show, hosted by Amina Abdi, will start on Wednesday, 20 May. Watch the trailer for the Pastors’ Wives Reunion below. 