SUPERSPORT United coach Kaitano Tembo said he was delighted to see Bradley Grobler back on the scoring sheet after returning from a lengthy injury. Grobler ended a lengthy injury-induced goal drought on Wednesday when he scored in SuperSport’s 1-0 win over Nedbank Cup Tshakhuuma Tsha Madzivhandila. The Bafana Bafana international netted after 52 minutes to end SuperSport 10-match winless run in the DStv Premiership. “I am happy for Bradley scoring the very important goal. I think it’s good to see your players doing well irrespective of the results,” Tembo said. A thigh strain forced Grobler to miss five matches before returning to action in early May, and the injury has virtually derailed his hopes of reaching the 20-goal mark this season. With 14 goals, Grobler is the front-runner in the league goalscorers charts, followed by Thabiso Kutumela of Maritzburg United, who has netted an impressive 12 goals for the Team of Choice. Ruzaigh Gamildien of Swallows FC is third with 12 goals while Namibian Peter Shalulile of Mamelodi Sundowns is on 11. The victory has rekindled hopes of a top-three finish for SuperSport and a chance to fight for a spot in the Caf Confederation Cup next season. Tembo said he had been impressed by their performance despite them dropping points. He admitted that the absence of Thamsanqa Gabuza and Grobler, who led United's attack early in the season, has derailed them as they struggled to score goals. He stated: “From the word go, we had a very good start and created many chances. I thought we were a better team from start to finish. First half and second half, we played well, creating chances. In terms of performance, I have not been worried. We could not get the second goal even today (Wednesday against TTM). We could not get the second goal to kill off matches. Sometimes games like this, you end up throwing away points because we could not seal it. He added: “Gabuza we had to fast track his return and give him 10 minutes because there’s no way we can find friendly games. We have 14 days before our next games we will try and work so that he is available for next game.” SuperSport next game will be on 26 May when they visit log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Stadium. 