FLOWERS were placed outside the home of a man who is accused of killing his girlfriend in Gugulethu, Cape Town. Brenda Mqela (48) was buried on Wednesday, 12 May, after she was brutally murdered allegedly by her 66-year-old boyfriend last week. On Thursday, 13 May, Ilitha Labantu with other organisations held a peaceful march that started from Gugulethu Police Station. From the cop shop they headed to the suspects’ home, where they placed flowers outside in memory of Brenda and then proceeded Brenda’s family home. Ilitha Labantu founder Mandisa Monakali said they placed the flowers there so that everyone passing the house could remember what the suspect did. “We want him to rot in jail. I was shocked to hear that it’s not the first time he’s done something like this. He must stay in jail because he doesn’t belong to be among us,” said Monakali. She said according to residents, Brenda was always beaten by the suspect and there were times he would chase her around with a knife. Reverend Yvonne Daki from the United Methodist Church prayed for young people who are in abusive relationships because of poverty. “Some women stay in abusive relationships because of the circumstances at home,” she said. The marchers consoled Brenda’s mother by telling her that they will fight to make sure justice is served. Brenda’s mum, Nomaxaba Mqela, didn’t say much. “I appreciate the support we have been getting and our wish is for the suspect to pay for what he did,” she said. Captain FC Van Wyk said Gugulethu police are investigating a murder case after a stabbing incident at NY 3A Gugulethu, where a woman was stabbed to death. “A 66-year-old suspect was arrested on Tuesday, 4 May and appeared in the Athlone Magistrates Court on Thursday, 6 May. He is expected to appear again in court on Thursday, 20 May.” Gugulethu station commander Brigadier Nokuzola Pete said the community needs to work with the police. “The challenge we are facing as cops is that community members sometimes know who committed a crime but keep that information from us,” she said.