AMAPIANO producer Maphorisa claims Kwesta did not pay him or thank him for producing multi-platinum selling hit, Ngud'. Maphorisa went live on Instagram on Wednesday, 5 May and spoke about how Ngud' changed Kwesta and Nota Baloyi’s life and career, but he wasn’t applauded or thanked for the role he played on the song. Maphorisa’s live story was triggered by Makwa’s interview on The Sobering Podcast, the podcast that premiered on Wednesday and saw Makwa outing people who have treated him badly in the music industry. Makwa was Kwesta’s producer at Rap Lyf. Makwa said Maphorisa is a serious opportunist because he didn’t produce Kwesta’s single, Maybabo. He said he produced it in his backroom at his gogo’s house. ALSO READ | THE RIVER: EMMA’S MUM IS SO SELFISH! When asked who produced Ngud', Makwa said it was produced by a lot of people, but didn’t include Maphorisa. He said Maphorisa only came when it was done and he put his name on the song. Later on Wednesday, Maphorisa went live to claim himself as the producer of Ngudu. He said he spent three days with Kwesta and Nota and they worked on three songs, Ngud', Maybabo and he didn’t mention the third one. “Ngud' was dropped and it’s a big song. I produced it. The problem was that, when someone does something for you, you have to acknowledge and appreciate them. You have to show that you’re grateful for what they have done for you,” he said. “Before Ngud', yes Kwesta was fine, he drove a BMW and had shows, but after Ngud' things changed. It skyrocketed and went multi-platinum. So after you make all those millions, why don’t you come back and offer me R20 000 or something? To appreciate me for producing it and changing your lives,” said Maphorisa. However, Maphorisa said he is not at war. He tweeted Kwesta and said he’s not fighting him. Kwesta responded: “Kaofela my dawg.” Dj Maphorisa on Instagram live claiming that Kwesta didn’t pay him for producing “Ngudu”??????????He also claims that after producing Ngudu, Kwesta’s career sky rocketed. He also addresses Makwa and Nota. pic.twitter.com/SIZp8b8zvw  "DJ Maphorisa is a very serious opportunist, he didn't produce Maybabo, I, Makwa produced that shxt at my granny's place, in the backroom"Guys I'm tired of that self-proclaimed Lawd Of Hits or something ?? pic.twitter.com/ORyweTb3QE  Kaofela ???? my dawg https://t.co/SHL3oBLbSH 