FORMER president Jacob Zuma’s financial legal woes have worsened. This comes after the Constitutional Court on Thursday, 27 May struck off the roll his application to appeal a court order. The order stated he should foot the legal bill estimated between R6 and R10 million emanating from his legal challenge for the establishment of the inquiry into state capture. The establishment of the state capture inquiry was part of the remedial actions recommended by former public protector Advocate Thuli Madonsela, just before her term of office expired. Zuma took the matter to court, arguing that as state president, he had the prerogative to establish a commission of inquiry. He lost and the high court ruled he should pay costs from his pocket. He lost the appeal again at the Supreme Court of Appeal in Bloemfontein and took the matter to the highest court in the land but during the scheduled hearing on Thursday, it emerged Zuma had not filed papers to support his application, leading to the matter being struck off the roll. His legal representatives were also not present in the virtual hearing and lawyers for EFF and the DA called for the matter to be struck off the roll and for Zuma to further pay costs for the appearances of the lawyers, an argument headed by Advocate Kameel Premhid, representing EFF. Premhid said: “We are in a strange situation where the applicant for leave to appeal has not complied with any of the court’s directives. No record of appeal has been filed. “And in consequence thereof, no heads have been submitted either by the applicant himself and certainly not by the respondents. “The court will be aware that we collectively are of the attitude that this application, as it stands before the court today, is fatally defective and that it should be struck from the roll with costs,” he said. Acting deputy chief justice Sisi Khampepe agreed and granted the order which will leave Zuma’s pockets with even bigger holes. Zuma, as recent as 2019, pleaded poverty after a court ruling that he should pay legal costs from his pockets. In one of his addresses to his followers outside the Pietermaritzburg Court, he said he had to sell socks and hats to pay his lawyers.