Pitso Mosimane's agent company, MT Sports Marketing and Management, led by his wife Moira Tlhagale, has confirmed having received correspondence from Mamelodi Sundowns. This is after Sundowns filed a lawsuit of about R8 million in agent's 10% commission fees, which was paid to Tlhagale, with the Johannesburg High Court at the weekend. Sundowns are demanding she pays back all the agents 10% commission fee pocketed when Mosimane agreed to a four year contract with the club last year. Mosimane terminated his contract with Sundowns to join north African giants, Al Ahly, where he has had a lot of success, winning the 2020 Champions League, Egyptian Cup and the Egyptian Premier League. In their court documents, Sundowns said they paid Tlhagale's company R8 632, 260, which was a 10% commission for securing Mosimane's signature to the club. It was reported that Sundowns lawyers said the club paid the money upfront instead of dividing and paying out for every season that Mosimane completed as an employee of the club. Sundowns agreed to pay Mosimane a salary of R1 5500 a month. The club accuses Mosimane of having terminated his contract on 30 September 2020 after coaching the team for only months of the 48-month contrac. Tlhagale, in a statement on Monday, said they "hope sanity will prevail and that this will be resolved amicably". "However, if this is not possible we will be happy to meet Sundowns in court," emphasised MT Sports Marketing and Management through a statement. "It is with a deep measure of shock and disappointment that MT Sports Marketing and Management has received summons from Sundowns demanding to be paid back commission fees in lieu of coach Pitso Mosimane. "We have received communication from Sundowns and have attempted to reach an amicable solution to this matter, however they have not responded to our request to meet with us. We attempted to speak to then club president Dr Patrice Motsepe in January this year, and we were refused and also last week with chairman Tlhopane Motsepe, we were met with silence. "Tlhagale further said the "leaking of the story to the media is impolite and smacks of bullying tactics". "This also comes after last week’s events where sections of Sundowns fans hurled insults to coach Pitso and his mother," statement continued. "The summons and the media leaks put into disrepute Dr Motsepe’s blessings on the termination of the contracts, and well-wishes on Coach Pitso joining Al Ahly S.C last year." The statement further recalls that "in his own words", Motsepe said: “I have on several occasions, over the past few years, expressed my support for Pitso Mosimane leaving Sundowns to coach in North Africa or Europe or Bafana Bafana. “I have received a warm and emotional note from Pitso and am very proud of his achievements at Sundowns. Pitso has been the most successful coach in the history of Sundowns and will always be a member of the Sundowns Family." They have also condemned social media posts making the rounds that "Tlhagale alleges that Patrice Motsepe has used one of the team’s employees in match fixing". "We would like to categorically state that Tlhagale has never said such things about Dr Motsepe or anyone associated with the club. There are unknown forces that are attempting to put MT Sports Marketing and Management’s name into disrepute," the statement read. "We, as MT Sports and Coach Pitso, are grateful to Sundowns for the years he spent there and would not like this glorious legacy to be soiled by tussles that could easily and rapidly be handled professionally and privately."