HUGO Broos is ready to die for Bafana Bafana. The new Bafana coach has insisted that he is not in Mzansi to collect a retirement cheque and head back to his native Belgium, but he’s here to transform the national team. Broos was announced as Molefi Ntseki’s successor last week after agreeing terms with the SA Football Association (Safa), making him the man responsible for the rebuilding project. The 69-year-old madala is expected to lead Bafana towards a more successful path after a disappointing 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) campaign under Ntseki. He has put his head on the block. “I’ll do everything to qualify Bafana for the next World Cup. But we have to be realistic. We have Ghana, Zimbabwe and Ethiopia in the group. It can happen that we don’t qualify. Don’t be angry if we don’t qualify. But if we don’t qualify for 2023 (Afcon), you can kill me,” Broos said at a press briefing in Joburg yesterday. “I know this country is desperate for success, so there will be a lot of criticism. But I’m not afraid of that. I’m not here for a retirement package and go back to my country.  “This is what I bring to the table and I hope to achieve more with this country, but I can’t do it alone. I have to build a winning team. Broos is already building his technical team and has chosen Olympiakos Nicosia coach Cedomir Janevski as his first assistant. He revealed that discussions are still ongoing regarding his second assistant, who will be a local. ALSO READ: BROOS GETS DOWN TO WORK Broos will miss Bafana’s two friendly matches next month as he heads back to Belgium to receive his second Covid-19 vaccination. The 2017 Afcon winning coach doesn’t have enough time on his hands after the Confederation of African Football (Caf) decided to postpone the June World Cup qualifiers until September. “Both my assistants will be in charge of the friendly matches in June because I have to go to receive my second vaccination. I don’t need to be here for them (friendlies). I have confidence in my assistants,” added Broos.