A legal bid to stop the coronation of Zulu King Misuzulu kaZwelithini in court didn’t come with a clear judgment on Friday, 21 May. Pietermaritzburg High Court heard an application by two of the late King Goodwill Zwelithini’s daughters seeking to stop the coronation. Princess Ntandoyenkosi Zulu and Princess Ntombizosuthu Zulu-Duma also wanted the execution of the last will of the Zwelithini to be suspended. Their mother Queen Sibongile Dlamini Zulu, who is the first wife of King Zwelithini, is demanding 50% of the late king’s estate as she claims she was the only one out of the five queens who was married in a civil union. Judge Rishi Seegobin ordered both legal teams to go outside and negotiate a way forward. Both parties agreed the respondents in the matters will file their affidavits by 18 June. Then the court will decide whether to proceed with the matter. Representing the princesses and the queen, Advocate Ndumiso Xulu and attorney Mondli Thusini told Daily Sun King Misuzulu can’t go on with the coronation. “The attack is on the will. The basic is still the will. It will be important for everyone to just stop and let the process take place. And let the court issue orders in terms of the disputes that are there and then after everything can go on as planned, said Thusini. “The court didn’t say the coronation should go on or must stop but the matter was adjourned to allow everybody to file affidavits. The court issued the warning to everybody not to act unreasonably and going on with the coronation will be acting unreasonably,” he said. King Misuzulu sibling’s Princess Ntandoyesizwe, Princess Bukhosibemvelo, Prince Bambindlovu and Prince Simangaye attended the case. Their late mother, Queen Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu, was represented by Advocate Griffiths Madonsela and attorney Musa Nsibande. “The court didn’t release a judgments to suspend anything, including the coronation of King Misuzulu. “The matter has was adjourned to allow everyone to file affidavits. The court didn’t give any order that will restrict my client to do anything they want to do,” he said.