MAMELODI Sundowns coach Manqoba Mngqithi is happy that his colleague Steve Komphela finally won a trophy in his coaching career. This after the Brazilians beat fellow Tshwane rivals SuperSport United 3-1 in a local derby on Wednesday to lift the DStv Premiership and their 11th title. Downs won the title with 60 points and three games to spare. “I cannot explain how excited I am. It is one of the reasons we felt he should come join us. We believed he had the ability as he had done tremendous work with Kaizer Chiefs. "He was very unfortunate not to win a trophy in that space because he played two finals and he was forever in position two or three unfortunately he never won a trophy.” Mngqithi says people must now stop the notion that Komphela brings bad luck to teams he joins. He went on: “Others are saying he brings bad luck, but the amount of work he put in shows in the team. I remember people were saying to coach Pitso (Mosimane) that Teko Modise will bring bad luck and people tend to think you are never meant to achieve something, but the unfortunate part is us the black nation as we always look at it in that way instead of supporting each other. To have the contribution of Steve in football is immense considering players he produced from Free State Stars and Kaizer Chiefs.” A delighted Mnqithi also dedicated the trophy to their families as they are always on the road in search of success. “I am happy with all the players, they worked very hard throughout the year, the technical team coach Rulani (Mokwena), coach Steve, coach Wendel (Robinson), the conditioning department, the support staff and everybody. "We had wanted to win the Champions League (booted out by Al Ahly in the quarterfinals), but at least when you get a result like this it helps in motivating the team that they worked hard for it. I thank our families for the championship because they are the once that suffer the most when we are travelling.” Mngqithi revealed that they had to restructure the team after the departure of Mosimane to join Egyptian giants Al Ahly. Explained Mngqithi: “We had to restructure our play in many ways. There were a lot of new players, we had to find the balance and system that would work for them. We believe we achieved in that regard considering the number of goals we conceded (14) is still good to improve what we were last season (22). "The team improved on a number of players that participated this season, yes other players didn’t get the chance, but we rotated the squad better from time to time as we were forced by challenges, but they did well because coach David Notoane and other coaches did well behind the scenes.” Mngqithi revealed that they might give other players a run when they face Swallows FC in a league game at Dobsonville Stadium on Saturday (5pm)