SUSPENDED ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule must publicly apologise for his unwarranted behaviour, which led to him suspending President Cyril Ramaphosa, or face disciplinary action. This was the instruction by the national executive committee meeting that concluded on Monday, 10 May after a weekend of intense discussions on a range of issues that included the step-aside resolution that led to Magashule being temporarily suspended. Ramaphosa, in communicating NEC decisions, confirmed that Magashule remained suspended and his deputy Jessie Duarte will take over the role of carrying out secretary-general duties. “The NEC discussed the ‘letter of suspension’ written by the secretary-general to the president, for which the secretary-general had no authority or mandate from any structure of the movement,” said Ramaphosa. “The NEC agreed that such conduct was completely unacceptable and a flagrant violation of the rules, norms and values of the ANC. “The NEC furthermore instructed the officials to advise the secretary-general to apologise publicly to ANC structures and members within a set time frame. “If he fails to do so, the ANC will institute disciplinary procedures in accordance with the ANC constitution.” The NEC’s decision pretty much confirmed that the Magashule faction has lost total control of the NEC. This on the back of his faction losing control of the women’s league, which in a statement at the weekend hung Magashule to dry. The youth league also seemed to be in the hands of Ramaphosa’s allies. It remains to be seen how much support the Magashule faction has in the region, with some branches confident enough to call for a special conference to elect new leadership. Ramaphosa said the NEC has expressed confidence in Duarte taking over the reins and revealed that members have condemned the “unwarranted attacks on the deputy secretary-general and ANC staff members at Luthuli House for carrying out decisions of the NEC, NWC and officials.” He said the attacks were in the form of threats, insults, unfounded allegations and misinformation. “We’ve also noted with great concern death threats made against the ANC NEC co-ordinator, cadre Andries Nel, and agreed that this be reported to the relevant authorities,” he said. Ramaphosa revealed that the NEC had also agreed on a retreat, which would give both factions an opportunity to find each other politically as he admitted that the meeting confirmed deep divisions within the organisation. “The meeting discussed in detail the state and cohesion of the organisation. It noted with deep concern the continued factional divisions and divisive public pronouncements, which give the impression of an organisation in crisis,” he said. “We’ve agreed to hold a retreat as soon as conditions permit to address varying perspectives among the leadership and develop a practical action plan to strengthen the process of unity and renewal.” Following audio leaks of the weekend meeting, Ramaphosa said members expressed concern about what he called a concerted and well-resourced campaign to sow division and confusion in the ANC, with the ultimate aim to destroy the movement. It was agreed that urgent steps needed to be taken to investigate these leaks, he said.