AL Ahly coach Pitso Mosimane might be having sleepless nights about facing his former team Mamelodi Sundowns in the quarter-final of the Caf Champions League. The much-anticipated first-leg between the two African giants will take place at the Al-Salam Stadium in Cairo on Saturday (9pm). This will be the first time Mosimane crosses paths with his old side since he departed for Egypt to join the Red Devils. The match comes at a tricky time for Mosimane as he is currently under a bit of pressure in Egypt. The 56-year-old has not convinced everyone in Egypt, with some feeling he might not be the right man to lead the African Club of the Century. His side are currently second in the Egyptian Premier League standings, four points behind leaders Zamalek with two games in hand. But Ahly’s 1-1 draw against their rivals Zamalek on Monday, did little to ease the pressure. Mosimane will be desperate to make a statement with a victory over Sundowns, a team that he won the Champions League with back in 2016. However, he knows all too well of the danger that the Tshwane giants pose. “Sundowns are a good team,” said Mosimane in his post-match press conference. “I think I created a monster and it’s coming to bite me. But that’s okay. It’s football. I saw Pep (Guardiola) playing against Barcelona when he was with Bayern Munich. He lost to Barcelona. I hope I don’t lose to Sundowns. “But they’re resting now and we’re playing. So, what does that mean? For me, if it were up to me because Ahly is the only team that is playing in the Caf Champions League and representing Egypt, I would protect Ahly. “I wouldn’t put a game against Zamalek between an important Champions League match, especially when Sundowns are putting their games ahead for later in the season. But it’s the way it is in Egypt. “But again, one less day of rest doesn’t necessarily mean we will lose a match. “But of course, the conditions are different and you could see the level drop at the end against Zamalek. But that’s because of the schedule.” Meanwhile, Downs are already in Egypt preparing for the epic clash against their former coach. The Brazilians will be meeting Ahly in the last eight of the competition for the third year in a row. They thrashed the Red Devils in 2019, but lost 3-1 on aggregate last year.