SABC’S Sibongile Mtyali has been named the new managing director for Kaya FM. Sibongile will replace former controversial managing director Greg Maloka, who stepped down from his position in December last year. She currently holds a dual role as station manager at SABC’s Metro FM and acting general manager for SABC (radio). She’ll officially take her position at Kaya on 1 June. Speaking about her new appointment, Sibongile said she appreciates the Kaya board of directors. “I’m honoured to be joining the Kaya 959 family as the managing director. My appreciation goes to the board of directors, management, staff and all Kaya 959 listeners. I look forward to adding value in driving the growth of our market share and financial sustainability. My focus will also be on the Kaya 959 values and its culture as strong pillars of our growth strategy,” she said. ALSO READ | IDRIS ELBA TO HOST AFRICA DAY CONCERT Neliswa Booi, the Kaya 959 non-executive director said: “We’re thrilled to have Sibongile Mtyali join the Kaya 959 family. She brings a wealth of experience in the media industry, having held various management and executive roles in a number of radio stations. Having completed the strategy renewal process, Kaya 959 is on its growth trajectory focusing strongly on its customers, its people, governance, leadership and our culture as some of the key drivers of our journey. “Ms Mtyali has a proven track record in nurturing, which ultimately builds strong teams who thrive in delivering good results for the organisations. Her passion for transformation, inclusivity, and her impeccable relevant experience resonated strongly with the board, thus making her a natural fit for our growing radio station,” she continued. Maloka resigned with immediate effect in December, months after the station launched an investigation into various allegations of sexual misconduct against him. It was alleged that four employees laid complaints of sexual misconduct against him through an anonymous letter. Since Maloka’s investigation, Colleen Louw has been the acting managing director since October last year.