POLICE Minister Bheki Cele said there was an 8,5% overall decline in contact crimes: assault, sexual offences, common assault and robbery. Cele was briefing the media on the latest crime statistics, which tracked the first quarter of 2021 from January to March. He said only two criminal types in the contact crimes category recorded an increase. These were murder and attempted murder, which recorded an 8,4% and 8,7% increase, respectively. Cele said 4 976 people were killed in the first three months of 2021 with 387 more people killed compared to the same period in the previous financial year. He said Mpumalanga recorded the same number of murders as in the corresponding period last year. “Mpumalanga is joined by Limpopo, Free State and Northern Cape,” he said. However, he said, it was concerning that Eastern Cape and KZN recorded double digit increases, standing at 21,5% and 16,9%, respectively. “Unfortunately, 1 327 people died in the places of residence of either the victim or the perpetrator, including the homes of family, friends and neighbours. In some instances, these people could have had some kind of domestic relationship,” he said. Cele said from a sample of 4 911 murders, a total of 2 378 people were killed in public places like streets, open fields, recreational parks, beaches and abandoned buildings. He reported that the top four factors of these murders still remained arguments, residential and non-residential robberies, mob justice and gang-related incidents. He described sexual violence against women as shameful. He said men and children were seemingly not spared. “There has been a decline in sexual offence cases, 9 518 people were raped between January and March,” he said. “This is a decrease of 387 cases, amounting to an almost 4% decrease compared to the previous reporting period.” Cele said a sample of 6 893 of the rape incidents revealed that 4 130 of such incidents took place at the home of the victim or the alleged rapist. He said the Lusikisiki Police Station in the Eastern Cape recorded the highest incidents of rape, overtaking Inanda, which has sadly held the number one position for some years. Cele mentioned statistics of police killings. He said 24 officers were killed and 11 of them were killed on duty.