IT’S been a season to forget for Cape Town Spurs. Formerly known as Ajax Cape Town, the Mother City side are enduring a treacherous campaign in the GladAfrica Championship. This is a stark contrast to last season where they came agonizingly close to winning automatic promotion back to the land of milk and honey. In the end, they were pipped by Swallows FC on the final day of last season, having led the pack for the better part of that campaign. They did have another chance of earning promotion through the play-offs, but Black Leopards managed to cling on to their top-flight spot. And it has been downhill from there for the Urban Warriors. They began the season on a clean slate having, ended their 21-year relationship with Dutch giants Ajax Amsterdam. But it has not been smooth sailing for Spurs, as they found themselves on the wrong end of the table from the start. They are now in real danger of dropping down to the ABC Motsepe League alongside already relegated Bizana Pondo Chiefs. But their coach, Dylan Deane, still believes his side can survive but only if they keep calm and apply themselves. “The players just need to understand that every one of them needs to be on top of their game,” said Deane. “At this critical time of the season, we need to be on top form and it will come down to the small details and how we deal with that. “My role and that of the technical team is that when the players take to the field that they are calm and can apply themselves with a good attitude and the important thing is obviously how we react to difficult situations. “The players are ready to go out there and give their all for the club. They want to do it for the club.” Spurs are currently second from bottom with 30 points from 29 matches, level with Steenberg United, just one place above them. They head into the final round of matches desperate for a positive result and hoping that Steenberg drop points. Spurs face University of Pretoria at Cape Town Stadium, while Steenberg tackle Richards Bay at Richards Bay Stadium. All matches kick-off at 3pm on Sunday.