KHAYELITSHA residents in Cape Town gathered at Ntlanganiso High School on Saturday to celebrate Phelokazi Mqathanya’s life. Phelokazi, who was a lesbian from Site C in Khayelitsha, was allegedly killed by a man who wouldn’t take no for an answer. Free Gender chairwoman Lethu Kala said: “I do not know how we’re feeling. Lesbians are being killed every day, and we’re tired of crying,” said Kala. She said communities still need to learn more about lesbians. “We’re doing everything for the community to understand us, not that we are forced to do it, but we’re trying everything that will make them stop killing or hating us,” said Kala. Mourners described Phelokazi as someone who loved life. “She was a go-getter and she had big ambitions,” Kala said. Kala believes that lack of knowledge also plays a huge role in lesbians being killed. “In Cape Town, I don’t know how many lesbians have been killed this year alone. We will die fighting.” She said last month they had more than five marches. “We’re tired, but what other choice do we have. We’re pleading to our government to help us fight this. Enough is enough.” A resident in Khayelitsha said the LGBTIA+ community don’t need to explain their love lives to anyone. “They don’t owe anyone any explanation. They’re going to be victims even if they educate communities about their love life. They must continue living their lives,” said the resident. A lesbian said until the government places harsher sentences on perpetrators, nothing will change. “There are people who have a problem with LGBTIA+ members. There won’t be any difference if we try to explain our love lives to them. They need to accept that we are different.” Family member Lelethu Ngalo said they’re struggling to accept Phelokazi’s death. “Our grandmother is sick after her death. We don’t know what to say to her. We’re hurt,” said Lelethu. Lelethi said he’s grateful for the support they’ve received. “We need all the support we can get. We are struggling to move forward, but we appreciate their support.”