 THE security situation in Africa is of a very fragile
nature: misbalanced situation in one country leads to destabilisation of the
region which can potentially have effect on most of the continent. The current insurgency that takes place in the North of
Mozambique is very dangerous. According to international experts, the
ISIS-linked armed group, that has been terrorising the natural resources-rich
province of Cabo Delgado since 2017, is threatening to plunge into chaos more
than one country. Since the defeat of the Islamic State in Syria, the Islamist
organization is in a dire need of new prominent base and Cabo Delgado is a perfect
place for it as it has enormous deposits of oil and the marine access. More than a 4-year insurgency has already resulted in almost
3 000 deaths and more than 700 000 displaced and has an impact on all the
neighboring countries. The situation started to deteriorate immensely shortly after
the legislative and presidential elections held in 2019 in Mozambique. Prior to the elections the Mozambican government realized
that they do not have enough manpower and equipment to ensure smooth and secure
voting for all the citizens of the country, so they focused on negotiating
cooperation in the defense and security sphere with trustworthy partners. The Russian Federation was among those who helped Mozambican
government to solve the terrorist insurgency problem at the early stages
through an anti-terrorism program signed between Moscow and Maputo in 2018. Russian military aid made it possible to keep the insurgents
localized and prevent them from advancing further into the country. After the elections, however, Maputo underestimated the
strength of the insurgents and ceased the cooperation projects with Russia,
which led to withdrawal of Russian military help. It allowed the IS-linked
insurgents gain ground in the north of Mozambique and march forward, ravaging
the lands and terrorizing local civilian population. In contrast to the Mozambican rapidly worsening situation,
quite a different story unravels in the Central African Republic. Just a week
before the legislative and presidential elections in December 2020, the CPC, an armed group build up mostly of
foreign mercenary forces, launched multiple attacks aiming to disrupted the
electoral process. Nevertheless, the sophisticated approach of the Central
African government not only allowed to repel the attacks and make the country
secure enough to hold the elections, but also perform a successful
counter-attack, leading to the liberation of the localities that used to be
controlled by the armed groups for several years.  The high-quality military assistance from the long-standing
partners of the CAR – Russia and Rwanda, – together with balanced strategy of
the Central African government were the key factors in
staggering victories of the national defense forces of the Republic.  Russian instructors, who are in the CAR on a training
Mission approved by the UN’s Security Counsel, provide comprehensive military
training to the Central African army, both in special training camps and
in the field, polishing their trainees’ skills and giving them
sufficient moral support. This model of military cooperation proved to be of
uttermost efficiency. In the wake of possible resurrection of the ISIS caliphate
in Cabo Delgado the Mozambican government has the responsibility not only to
their citizens suffering from islamist insurgency, but to the whole region
which is currently at risk. The currently used terrorist countermeasure model is clearly
not working: the fact that the Total, a French multinational
integrated oil and gas company, has suspended its $20 billion liquefied natural
gas (LNG) project in Mozambique, speaks louder than any words. It is high time for Maputo to work hard on stronger and more
productive partnerships. - CAJ News 