Moira Tlhagale, Managing Director of MT Sports Marketing and Management, which is Pitso Mosimane's agent, have reacted angrily to the treatment the Al Ahly coach has received from a group of Mamelodi Sundowns supporters at the weekend. According to Tlhagale, they "trust and believe that this matter and the necessary truths that need to be revealed will finally, come to the fore in due course". "Our stance is that we will not allow for such callous bullying of our client," Tlhagale said in a statement on Monday. "To this effect, as the management company of coach Pitso, we are disappointed that Sundowns has not apologised to him personally, but issued a general statement apologising to Al Ahly 'and those associated with the team'. "This is not good enough. The insults were directed at coach Pitso in his personal capacity and to his mother. We hope that the entire Sundowns family will continue to look at the success of Pitso as something to celebrate, not vilify." Mosimane came under attack ahead of Al Ahly's Caf Champions League quarter-final clash against Sundowns from a group of fans who insulted him and his mother, stopped the Red Devils' bus holding placards. And Mosimane reacted after the game and promised to tell all when the time is right in a memoir. Tlhagale said they, along with their client Mosimane, will not be taking interviews or making any further comments at this time. "There are sections of Sundowns that have never accepted or made peace with Pitso Mosimane being part of the Sundowns family. This is regardless of all the successes he contributed to the club as the head coach of the Club from December 2012 to September 2020 (seven years, nine months) and 11 titles later," said the statement. "MT Sports Marketing and Management would like to state that the incident on Saturday, although deeply disturbing, is not an isolated one. For years, including the time that Mosimane was Sundowns head coach, there were many known examples of disruption and efforts to usurp his position within the club... the club supporters' hurled abuse at Mosimane and his mother, are confirmation of the grudge that some in the club continue to hold against him even after leaving the club."