WITH the relegation of Bizana Pondo Chiefs from the National First Division confirmed, an intense battle is on the cards for the three Cape Town teams to avoid following them to the ABC Motsepe League. Chiefs’ debut campaign in the GladAfrica Championship has come to an agonising end after the Eastern Cape-based side endured a 2-3 loss to 13th-placed Cape Town All Stars (32 points) on Wednesday. The defeat left them stuck at the bottom of the 16-team table and with three games remaining, they cannot reach the number of points required to survive the drop. Chiefs are on 20 points and can only finish on 29 points, and can only finish in 15th, which is the final relegation spot. Steenberg United currently occupy that dreaded position after drawing one-all against Free State Stars on Wednesday. United, on 28 points, are one of three Cape Town sides that have struggled this campaign and one of them is favourite to accompany Chiefs to the ABC Motsepe, the other being Cape Town Spurs. Spurs, who have accumulated 30 points, have suffered the embarrassment of fighting for the first division league title last season, eventually losing it to Swallows FC on the last day of the campaign. Thus, while the spotlight has been at the top of the table, which is anticipated to go to the wire, another fierce storm is brewing at the wrong end of the table. While the Cape sides are favourites to provide the other side to be relegated, only seventh-placed Free State Stars (38 points) and the teams above them are mathematically safe. Chiefs’ remaining matches are against Polokwane City, Pretoria Callies and Uthongathi. Steenberg and Cape Town All Stars on Saturday will play a big role in determining survival. After that, Steenberg will face JDR Stars and championship-chasing Richards Bay. All Stars face cross-city rivals, fifth-placed Cape Umoya United, who on40 points retain a mathematical chance of winning the title. They round up the campaign against another title challenger, Royal AM. Spurs have Callies, Free State Stars and Pretoria University to save their status. They have received a major boost with the return from injury of Brazilian midfielder, Kassiano Soares. The player, in an interview with CAJ News Africa, remained adamant the side will survive the axe. “I’m ready to play. Everyone is working hard to ensure the safety of the team,” he said. Formerly Ajax Cape Town, Spurs have been in turmoil lately and relieved Ian Taylor of his coaching duties. Dylan Deane has assumed the reins. “The previous coach also did a good job but the results were not coming,” Soares concluded. The first division concludes on May 23. -CAJ News 