The Mangaung Metro Municipality Shutdown called. This followed a robust meeting between the Free State
Premier Sisi Ntombela, Cogta MEC Thembeni Ngcangisa Mangaung Community Concern,
Mangaung business forum and South African Municipal Workers union as well as
Mangaung Metro top Management. The meeting was intended to find a solution on the Mangaung
Metro total shutdown which started yesterday, 17 May when a 15-year-old boy
lost his life. The residents were protesting against poor service delivery,
access to business opportunities, Sound Management of Municipal affairs among
other things. Community leader Potso Motoko Said Mangaung Metropolitan
Municipality was placed under administration and being downgraded by Moody's
rating urgency because of incapable Management. According to Motoko the implementation of today's meeting
resolutions will change the face of the Municipality. "As the leaders of the community, we are satisfied with
the outcome of the meeting. We all agreed that the municipality under the
supervision of the Provincial government will attend to our grievances as a
matter if urgent. And implementation strategies were announced. Community of
Mangaung deserve better service delivery, job opportunities and business
opportunities." He Said Speaking to DailySun Premier Ntombela Said, " We agree
that issues raised by the leaders of our community are genuine and must be
looked into as a matter of urgently. The state of our municipality is not at
the desired level, and that precisely why the Provincial government has
intervened. We are all in agreement that we want a functional
municipality and we can achieve that if we join hands and work together."
Ntombela Said The meeting further urges the community to suspend the
shutdown to allow the agreement to be implemented. However, Premier Ntombela agreed that her office will
oversee the burial processes of Jevano Liam Siegel a 15-year-old boy who
allegedly shot and killed during the protest. The police 30 people have been arrested and charged with
public violence since the starting of the shutdown. Police Spokesperson Brigadier Motansi Makhele said 1 police
Vehicle has burned to ashes and 2 cars belong to a community member also burnt.