RAPPER Cassper Nyovest is on a winning streak with his move to amapiano. Months ago, the Good For That rapper announced that he would move to the amapiano space for a bit and take a break from hip hop. When Cassper announced that he’d take a break from hip-hop, his fans were split into two, with one half supporting his decision and the other saying he mustn’t move to amapiano. He dropped a single titled Siyathandana featuring Abidoza and Boohle at midnight on 31 May and people on social media loved it. It’s been on the Twitter trending list since it dropped. Cassper dropped his first trial at amapiano with a single titled Angisho Guys featuring DJ Lady Du in the beginning of this month. People loved that single but not as much as they love Siyathandana. He’s also working on his debut amapiano album which he said will be released on 30 June. It will be titled Sweet and Short 2 and he released the album cover over the weekend. ALSO READ : SPEEDY'S GIFT TO HIS FANS! Sweet and Short is title of his 2018 album. Tweeps are looking forward to hearing Cassper’s album after hearing Siyathandana. “Confession: Fave I’m one of the people who doubted you about going back to amapiano. I am so sorry. Siyathanda is too much & can’t wait for the album,” wrote Twitter user Musawenkosi SM. “Cassper just gave us quality production here, dope vocals from Boohle and s/o to Abidoza also,” wrote Tankiso Assegai. “Its Cassper doing whatever the hell he wants and still delivering for me. A Multitalented King,” wrote Agnetha. Cassper just gave us Quality production here, dope vocals from Boohle and S/o to Abidoza also???????????????? #Siyathandana Confession: Fave I'm one of the people who doubted you about going back to AmaPiano???????? I am so sorry. Siyathanda is too much????????& Can't wait for the album #Siyathandana #SweetAndShort2 pic.twitter.com/aKuolZaksm Its Cassper doing whatever the hell he wants and still delivering for me. A MultiTalented King. ???? #Siyathandana I have been patiently waiting for Siyathandana to drop, the way I am going to abuse this song you guys ?????? #Siyathandana Probably the only cassper song i like .#Siyathandana @casspernyovest deserves a statue at the museum..."They'll never be another Cass"...#Siyathandana ???? pic.twitter.com/iavid6K27H 