ALL it takes is R50 and the guy is yours for the taking. Women in Soweto called Daily Sun to talk about some women who are using cheap muthi to get their men. “We are worried,” said Nomsa Mangethe (33) from Meadowlands in Soweto.  Nomsa said she wanted to find out if the muthi story was genuine and she went to a woman in Emdeni, Soweto and told her she needed the muthi to win a man. The woman gave her the muthi. “She told me to mix a spoonful of the muthi with water in a jar and put it in the mouth at midnight. She said I mustn’t swallow it, but spit it out while calling the name of the man I want,” she said. Nomsa said she was promised the man would be hers. ALSO READ: BISHOP MAKAMU ARRESTED! “I can’t believe it’s so easy for other women to destroy others using muthi. All it takes is R50. We live in a sick world.” A woman (42) said her husband left her for a younger woman. She said she was later told that the women snatchers were using muthi to take other women’s men. “I think my man was taken with muthi as well because we never fought. He just left,” she said.  Another 36-year-old woman said she had been with her man for 11 years, but he’s now living with a woman from Zola. “When I try to speak to him, he gets irritated. Whatever they used on him is making him hate to even hear my voice, let alone see my face,” she said. A young woman from Emdeni told Daily Sun she was in a beautiful relationship with a businessman who did everything for her. She said they’ve been together for three years. but he has a wife. ALSO READ: WATCH: TEARS OVER TLOF TLOF! “I used muthi on him and I don’t regret it. He is now with me,” she said. Busisiwe Mzolo (38) from Meadowlands has advice for men. “Once you are in a serious relationship, stop going around dating other women. Bayaloya,” she said. The woman selling the muthi told Daily Sun she’s a sangoma and she won’t turn away clients who needed help to build their relationships. But sangoma Nzama Maluleke said this was wrong. “As izangoma, we build. We do not destroy.”