AMAZULU King, Misuzulu Sinqobile kaZwelithini, is expected to receive an emphatic enthusiastic welcome at the Sandton Convention Centre in Joburg on 28 May. This is expected to be the King’s first sport event since his ascendency to the throne after the passing of his mom, the late Queen Mantfombi Dlamini Zul. The J4Joy Boxing Promotions promoter, Jacob “Don King” Mnisi confirmed that the Zulu monarch will be among a throng of boxing fans who will be allowed to watch the eight bout tournament. He said they expect ululating and praise singers when the monarch makes his appearance in the first of a series of nine tournaments that will be held across all nine province, with Kwa-Zulu Natal being the last. “This is an indication of how serious we are about lifting the standard of boxing in the country,” said businessman, Mnisi. “The King has agreed that he will be our special guest on the night. The SABC will broadcast all our fights, and this is something that the boxing fraternity has been longing for, and we’re solving it now. We’re actually here to fix the broken sport of fistic.” In the bill, there will be a 12 round national lightweight fight between Tshifhiwa Munyai who will be defending his crown against Khaya Busakwe, as well as a vacant WBA Pan Junior featherweight title fight over 12 rounds between Innocent Mantengu and Luthando Mbumbulwane. “There will also be a Gauteng bantamweight title fight over 10 rounds between Layton Gloss and Tumelo Matsane. This is what people have been missing, and there’s still more to come,” said Mnisi. Mnisi added that the Convention Centre room for the fight night will be managed in line with government’s protocol guidelines considering the number of spectators to be allowed in, as well as for boxers. “This is well planned and it will be well managed,” he said. “Boxers are expected to undergo medicals on 25 May where Covid-19 tests will be made, and the following day we will welcome boxers for a bio-safe bubble. And on 27 May we will have the boxers’ weight-in, as it is required by Boxing SA regulations.”B SA supervisor Japie van Nieuwenhuizen expressed his happiness about the organisation of the tournament, so far.“I went to inspect the venue and where the stage will be erected, it all complies with regulations,” said Van Nieuwenhuizen. “We can only allow 50 people in ring side, which is 16 boxers, 16 trainers, nine officials, two doctors and two ambulance people.” He advised trainers to ensure their boxers stay within the weight limit: “It’s dangerous in Sandton and boxers cannot be allowed to run on the road while trying to shed weight.” J4Joy Boxing Promotions Bill: SA lightweight title (12 rounds) Tshifiwa Munyai (champion) v Khaya Busakwe (challenge) Vacant WBA Pan Jnr featherweight title (12 rounds) Innocent Mantengu v Luthando Mbumbulwane Gauteng Bantamweight Provincial fight (10 rounds) Layton Gloss v Tumelo Matsane Bantamweight (8 rounds) Sboniso Gonya (KZN) v Rofhiwa nemushungwa (GP) Jnr Bantamweight weight (6 rounds) Arnel Lubisi (MP) v Siyabonga Mpangele (KZN) Lightweight (4 rounds) Lindokuhle Dlamini (KZN) v Mandlankosi Sibuso (GP) Jnr Bantamweight (4 rounds) Trevor Nghonyama (GP) v Isaac Tshesane  (MP) Lightweight (4 rounds) Kaine Fourie (GP) v Kwenzokuhle Qwabe (KZN) 