TSHIFHIWA “Spider” Munyai is excited after defending his South African lightweight title for the first time since he won it last year, just before the Covid-19 lockdown. It took him a ninth round knockout against the highly-rated Khaya “Destroyer” Busakwe at the Sandton Convention Centre on Friday night, in a tournament put together by J4Joy Foods Boxing Promotions. “The referee stopped the fight at the right time. He was tired and I could see everything. “He was coming to me very slow unlike in the earlier rounds. I could even stand in front of him,” Munyai took SunSport through live mood in the ring. “That is where I caught him. I’m excited that I’ve retained my title. But to me it’s a normal feeling to have won a boxing match. I want to keep it with me for long. “I would be happy to defend it for the second time at home. I’ve trained too much for this fight. I’m a mover in the ring, but this time I didn’t want to waste too much energy bouncing around the ring, especially fighting against someone who hits hard. “You might be caught while still bouncing around. I walked in the ring just to save the energy. It’s not easy fighting against an orthodox. You don’t know what to expect, and from which hand. I enjoyed myself in the ring. He’s a very tough boy, hey. His punches are very powerful and he can also take punches. “Most of the boxers can hit but they cannot take the punches, but he can do everything – he can take and give. I’ve prepared thoroughly for an orthodox. When I watched his tapes I’ve realised that he lacks stamina, but he’s lazy in throwing punches. “When he throws his jabs he opens up with the right hand. Those are the things that I’ve picked up from him.” However, despite having taken a lot of punishment from the experienced Munyai, Busakwe was not happy with the stoppage decision. Among dignitaries at the fight were former president Jacob Zuma’s son, Duduzane and AmaMpondo aseNyandeni king Mangaliso Ndlovuyezwe Ndamase. Another interesting fight was that of Layton “King Lay” Gloss and Tumelo “The Blade” Matsane, who contested for the vacant Gauteng Bantamweight title. Gloss was crowned the champion following a Technical Knockout (TKO) after having caught Matsane in the eighth round on the stomach. The Springs-born Matsane could not handle the pain and went down on one knee before the referee paused the fight and counted him until eight. But before the bell could go on to end the round, Matsane was back on his knee and shook his head to the ref giving an empression that he was finished, handing Gloss his sixth TKO.