KAIZER Chiefs
woeful season continued last night following a 1-1 draw with Swallows FC in a
DStv Premiership match at FNB Stadium. Chiefs’ striker
Leonardo Castro cancelled Kagiso Malinga’s opener in the first half to ensure
the teams share points. Amakhosi occupy tenth spot on the league table with 30
points from 27 matches and face the possibility of not qualifying for the MTN8
Cup. But this was Swallows 17th draw of the season as they moved to
fifth spot on 41 points from 26 matches. Chiefs came
into the match hoping to ease their woes in the domestic league having grabbed
just one win in their past five matches prior to their meeting with Swallows. Amakhosi were eager to put their shocking 2-1 defeat to Nedbank Cup champions
Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila behind them in a bid to finish the season within
the top eight.  They were aiming to avenge the 1-0 defeat they suffered at
the hands of Swallows in the first round played in November. Hunt made four
changes to the side that lost to TTM with Bruce Bvuma getting the nod between
the goal posts ahead of Nigerian international Daniel Akpeyi who was on the
bench after he suffered a concussion against Bloemfontein Celtic. Chiefs also
played without key defender Njabulo Blom due to suspension, but the player is
eligible to play when Amakhosi face Tanzanian side Simba in the Caf Champions
League quarterfinals first leg match at the same venue on Saturday. On the other
hand, Truter relied heavily on Zaphania Mbokoma and Kagiso Malinga upfront in
the absence of his top goal scorer Ruzaigh Gamildien who was still nursing an
injury. Malinga caught
Chiefs defenders napping when he broke the stalemate in the eighth minutes to
pounce on a terrific cross from Sifiso Hlanti on the left flank. However, their
joy was short lived as Amakhosi striker Leonardo Castro levelled matters in the
14th minutes with a great header from rebound after Happy Mashiane
had hit the upright. Swallows
suffered a huge blow in the 17th minutes when veteran defender Vuyo
Mere sustained a muscle strain injury and was replaced by Thabo Matlaba.  