BAFANA Bafana coach Hugo Broos said the door is not closed on players that were left out of the squad to face Uganda in what will be his first game since he was appointed by Safa early last month on a five-year deal. Broos went with a youthful side, leaving out a number of experienced players for the international friendly against the Cranes at Orlando Stadium on 10 June. Bafana skipper Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo was left out casting his future in doubt, but Broos said Hlatshwayo and others shouldn’t feel disheartened. Other players who were left out from the previous camp were Itumeleng Khune, the second most capped player in Bafana’s history, Sifiso Hlanti, Ruzaigh Gamildien, Veli Mothwa, Siyanda Xulu, Themba Zwane, Thulani Serero, Ben Motshwari, Bongani Zungu, Andile Jali, Dean Furman and Kermit Erasmus. These players are all in the 30s. Broos is using this friendly to assess the squad. The new Bafana mentor said those who were left out could be recalled when the 2022 Fifa World Cup qualifiers begin in September. “I know they will be disappointed but I hope they are not,” said Broos. “But I can assure them that I have not forgotten them. They are on my list. And I’ll see in the next camp if they will be in the squad." Broos named uncapped players such as Golden Arrows defender Nkosinathi Sibisi, AmaZulu left-back Sibusiso Mabiliso and Maritzburg United rising striker Bongokuhle Hlongwane, sticking to his guns that the squad that played in the recent unsuccessful Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifying campaign, needs to be rebuild. The 69-year-old Belgian coach left the country yesterday to go back to his homeland to get his second Covid-19 vaccination and it is not clear when he will return. His two assistants coach Cedomir “Cede” Janevski and Helman Mkhalele will be on the bench against the Cranes. “I played in the national team in Belgium and for me it was an honour to be there,” he said. “I hope I can get the mindset from the players that when they come to the national team it has to be an honour and sense of responsibility to the people of South Africa.”