AFTER ENDURING cold nights without electricity to keep warm, cook or even watch TV, gatvol residents took action. Their power keeps going out and they blame the nearby squatter camp. Having reached boiling point, residents OF Spoornet in Wattville, Ekurhuleni, picked up their picks and shovels on Saturday, 8 May! They uprooted all the izinyoka cables running from their houses to the squatter camp. They also alleged some of their neighbours sold electricity to the squatters. They said cables running from their houses to the nearby Mandleni squatter camp affected those who paid for electricity. Resident Sylvia Nkosi said: “The transformers can’t withstand the pressure and they trip all the time.” Sylvia claimed she was assaulted by a fellow resident who sold electricity to squatters two weeks ago. She opened an assault case at Actonville Police Station, but the suspect was released. Another resident, Nqobile Sibanyoni, said the police failed them. She said: “We call the police when we catch the suspects red-handed. “They collect the suspects but they never reach the cop shop. The City of Ekurhuleni and police are not helping us.” Sergeant Godin Nyathi of Actonville Police Station said cops often arrest people who steal electricity, but residents were not willing to come forward to make statements and the suspects end up being released. “Another challenge is that when residents remove the cables, Eskom or the City of Ekurhuleni technicians are usually not there to make the case stronger as the infrastructure that’s tempered with belongs to them,” said Nyathi. He promised to liaise with a private investigator from Eskom to remove the illegal connections. Zweli Dlamini, a spokesman for the City of Ekurhuleni, said each time illegal connections are removed two days later they’re back again. “That’s why we’re running awareness campaigns to warn the residents of the dangers of illegal connections,” Dlamini told Daily Sun. He said they’d have to visit the place again to remove the illegal connections.