NEW Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos is expected to arrive in the country on Monday to start his work. He will meet members of the Safa technical committee including Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe either on Tuesday or Wednesday with the regards to getting his assistant coaches on board, according to our insider. Broos was appointed by Safa last week on a five-year deal, to replace sacked coach Molefi Ntseki, after Bafana’s failure to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals in Cameroon next year. The Belgium coach’s first mandate rom Safa president Danny Jordaan, is a succession plan to rebuild the current ageing Bafana squad. The former Cameroon coach stressed there were a lot of players in their 30s. He said some of them may not feature in the qualifiers of the 2022 Fifa World Cup in Qatar‚ the 2023 Afcon and the 2026 World Cup in the US‚ Mexico and Canada, as these are Broos’ proposed targets. To help Broos put the squad together, he will run the rule over the SA Under-23 team that will feature in this year’s Tokyo Olympic Games -- to see which players he can add to his squad. Broos was given some breathing space after the 2022 World Cup qualifying campaign, initially set to begin next month, was pushed back to September. “One of the things he has mentioned is a high percentage of the current players are 30 years and older‚ and there is a need to rebuild the team," Jordaan said. In the squad that played two Afcon qualifiers in March against Ghana and Sudan, were a number of players who are 30 and older such as Itumeleng Khune (33), Themba Zwane (31), Ruzaigh Gamildien (32), Sifiso Hlanti (31), captain Thulani Hlatshwayo (31), Thabang Monare (31), Andile Jali (31), Ben Motshwari (30) and Veli Mothwa (30). This means a succession plan is needed quickly, but Broos is confident he can put this in place just like he did with Cameroon when they won the 2017 Afcon. “And (he has to) look at the opportunity that the country has to go to the Olympics‚ look at younger players‚ and build the team,” added Jordaan.“But at the same time, the nation also wants to win. That is obvious to the coach.”