RACISM in Mzansi is regarded as an ongoing problem that has remained a societal and an institutionalised issue since the end of apartheid. Angry pupils and parents held a protest at Cornwall Hill College in Centurion, Tshwane, on Monday against allegations of racism. The school is also accused of ignoring complaints that parents and pupils submitted in a memorandum last year. A pupil addressed the school, breaking down during her speech. She said the first time she saw the school she was enchanted and mesmerised by the big trees, swings and jungle gyms on the playground. “I couldn’t wait to be accepted and as a child, I began to imagine a fairytale for myself. But it didn’t happen and very soon, that dream died,” she said. She said that it died when the community she loved didn’t love her back, sharing on her first and most vivid memory of racism in grade 4. One of the learners gives a startling testimony of her experience of racism at the #CornwallHillCollege #racism #sabcnews pic.twitter.com/HkWPqdYE5B  “I was happily on my way to a break when a teacher stopped me. She looked me dead in the eyes and said: ‘Your hair is unpresentable. It is messy and it’s ‘not the Cornwall way’. She proceeded to tell me that I’d look better if I chemically straightened it,” she said. “After that encounter, I believed there was something wrong with my natural, kinky hair and for a long time, I was uncomfortable wearing it to school.” While money has enabled many black parents access to white dominated private schools, suburbs and spaces. That money still cannot afford their children protection from racism. It's abominable that in 2021 schools remain untransformed and segregated #cornwallhillcollege pic.twitter.com/6aUGA2JcP9  Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi visited the school and said he hoped to resolve the challenges. “From the history I’ve had with Curro, these things are possible. I now rank Curro among schools that have gone beyond problems of racism or lack of transformation. So we are here to play that role and persuade parties to go back to the negotiating table. Most importantly, we’re here to ensure that everyone is free to access quality education without any form of limitation,” Lesufi said. Parents and pupils have gathered at #CornwallHillCollege this morning where they have handed a memorandum against racism and lack of transformation at the school. Gauteng Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi is also here. (@Sesona_Ngqaks) pic.twitter.com/ScMuEKssAe  Cornwall Hill College has publicly apologised to pupils for the slow pace of transformation and the Irene school has promised to work harder to be more inclusive. “We as a school remain fully committed to the process of transformation and diversity throughout all levels of the college. We also recognise that this is a journey that we all need to be together,” they said. 