THE fire that burnt down the Alice Magistrates Court over two months ago has resulted in telephone lines, recording equipment and other electric infrastructure being non-operational. Bail applications and trials have come to a halt. As a result, criminal cases are withdrawn and postponed indefinitely because the law requires proceedings to be recorded at all times. The court burnt to the ground on 6 March with everything inside. What used to be the regional court, in the same precinct, is the only court currently being used. The NPA said there was a backlog of cases and not enough time to proceed with them. NPA spokeswoman Anelisa Ngcakani said the fire caused a lot of inconvenience. “Prosecutors work under more difficult circumstances as a result of the damage and have no little option but to postpone cases. We anticipate emergency intervention and appropriate interim infrastructure in order for it to be functional. It’s a temporary inconvenience that no one planned for, but we are hopeful we will be able to return to our workable environment,” she said. She added that the NPA understood that such disasters happened from time to time. The Justice and Constitutional Development Department was in charge of the building, not the NPA, emphasised Ngcakani. Accused persons will have to wait a little longer to have their day in court as the department makes plans to ease the backlog. “While we feel for those severely affected by the delay in dispensing justice, we also understand the predicament faced by those who have to put in the emergency infrastructure,” said Ngcakani. The People’s Paper reliably learnt that plans were at an advanced stage to use the old library, which was next to the burnt building, as a satellite court. The scene of the debris at the burnt building has not changed since the court burnt down, surrounded by police yellow tapes. To avoid overcrowding and observe Covid-19 regulations, accused persons had to wait on the main street. A relative of a house-breaking accused expressed disappointment at constant case postponements. “He has been in custody for two months because they cannot proceed with bail. Why can’t they have a satellite court to assist with bail applications and trials or ask nearby courts in other towns to accommodate them, especially the accused sitting in prison? Prosecutors postpone cases indefinitely because they buy time. Why should the accused suffer for something that has nothing to do with them?” Eastern Cape Department of Sport, Recreation, Arts and Culture spokesman Andile Nduna said his department “read with a heavy sense of loss the destruction of valuable and confidential information, burning down of an iconic heritage magistrate court building”. “The plans to use the old library building as a temporary housing, however, is a move planned by the Raymond Mhlaba Municipality in order to assist with bringing to normality the functioning of the court.” He said the decision had very little to do with the department. Justice department spokesman Stephans Mahlangu had not responded at the time of going to print.