Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila secured a 1-0 win over Maritzburg United in the DStv Premiership match at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday afternoon. The victory saw Vhadau Vha Damani climb out of the relegation zone, as they moved up to the 13th spot on the league standings, while the Team of Choice remained 12th on the log. Both teams started slowly, but then Vhadau Vha Damani found their offensive rhythm after the 15th-minute mark with Ndabayithethwa Ndlondlo pulling the strings from midfield. Maritzburg goalkeeper Marcel Engelhardt pulled off a comfortable save to deny Lerato Lamola, who was looking to score with a header at the near post in the 19th minute. The Team of Choice improved as the game progressed and keeper Washington Arubi pulled off a brilliant save to deny Clayton Daniels, before blocking a shot from Thabiso Kutumela. The momentum was with Tshakhuma after the half-hour mark, with Engelhardt pulling magnificent saves to deny Ndlondlo, Thabo Rakhale and Celimpilo Ngema, and the score was 0-0 at the interval. Daniel Morgan, Nazeer Allie and Bandile Shandu were all introduced by Maritzburg coach Ernst Middendorp prior to the start of the second-half as the visitors looked to break the deadlock. The Team of Choice applied some pressure on the Vhadau Vha Damani defence, but the likes of Lehlohonolo Nonyane and Ayanda Nkili defended very well at the back for the hosts. On the other hand, the hosts looked dangerous whenever they pushed forward and they managed to break the deadlock through in-form playmaker Ndlondlo, who scored following a brilliant solo run. The 25-year-old player dribbled past two Maritzburg defenders, before beating Engelhardt with a low shot at the near-post to make it 1-0 to Tshakhuma in the 68th minute. Middendorp reacted by introducing Mamelodi Sundowns loanee Malebogo Modise in the 72nd minute, as the visitors pushed for the equalising goal in the closing stages of the game. However, the match ended in a 1-0 win in favour of Tshakhuma, who were able to contain Maritzburg in the dying minutes of the encounter. -supersport.com