AMERICAN superstar Pharrell Williams had South African Twitter in a mess on Wednesday, 12 May when his Xhosa sneaker was announced. The singer partnered with Adidas for the sneaker called Uluntu. However, the sneaker that’ll be released tomorrow, 14 May, will not be sold in South Africa. That made South Africans unhappy and confused as the name was inspired by isiXhosa. Moreover, what confused people is the word Uluntu. People were asking if they meant to call the sneaker Ubuntu because they had never heard the word Uluntu until the sneaker was announced. Most people called Pharrell and Adidas appropriators and said they made a mistake by saying Uluntu. ALSO READ | BIG ZULU'S BIG HEART! But Xhosa people explained to the confused people that Uluntu means human race and no mistake was made. Pharrell released a sneaker range called Human Race in 2016 and this sneaker, Uluntu, was taken from that name. Pharrell and Uluntu were trending on Twitter on Wednesday with people asking questions about the sneakers. But all was fixed when people, including media personality, Mpho Letsolonyane who was active on the chat about Uluntu, explained to people what Uluntu means. Twitter user Desmond Rampooana wrote: “Okay. What is Pharrell trying to say by Uluntu? Or is Ubuntu already someone else’s IP?” Musa Khawula also tweeted: “Adidas unveils their Xhosa inspired sneaker by Pharrell Williams Uluntu. First off, what is Uluntu? Also Uluntu is not available for purchase in South Africa.” Okay. What is Pharrell trying to say by Uluntu? Or is Ubuntu already someone else's IP? https://t.co/IJDtxCcmQX Adidas unveils their Xhosa inspired sneaker by Pharrell Williams Uluntu.First of what is Uluntu?Also Uluntu is not available for purchase in South Africa. pic.twitter.com/kxW9gg9fKS Pharrell & his fellow appropriators actually meant “Ubuntu” ?? https://t.co/JOek9lfpzl Pharrell's "Uluntu" sneakers aren't sold in South Ah ?? pic.twitter.com/dLJfSDFthk Someone said Adidas spelt Ubuntu wrong!!! How Sway? Uluntu fits into the concept of the Pharrell Human Sneaker. It’s not the Humanity sneaker ??