LOCAL channel M-Net has released the first character teaser of its highly anticipated African crime series, Reyka. According to the channel, the series follows flawed but brilliant criminal profiler Reyka, played by Kim Engelbrecht, who investigates a string of brutal murders committed by a serial killer in KZN. Having been abducted as a child by a farmer, Reyka is traumatised by the experience. But this also helps her enter the minds of Africa’s most notorious criminals and turn them inside out. Reyka exposes the secrets and lies, truth and trust, damage, healing and forgiveness. With a dramatic backdrop of sugarcane fields, tropical beaches, stifling heat, dangerous wildlife, a criminal underworld, and shadowy politics – each place is connected by sugar but divided in so many other ways. The series also has a star-studded cast which includes the likes of Thando Thabethe, Hamilton Dlamini, Mavuso Simelane, Kenneth Nkosi and Nokuthula Mavuso. Speaking about her role Thando, who plays Nandi Cele on the show, said: “She’s a young, energetic, driven detective and does everything by the book. “Reyka, who’s the lead, sort of has an outlined way of doing things and she thinks that’s a flaw but still looks up to her.” ALSO READ |OPRAH PRAISES THUSO MBEDU CEO of M-Net Nkateko Mabaso said: “MultiChoice continues to lead the continuous productions of high-quality African television content that goes beyond our borders.” “Our first co-production on this sort of scale was Trackers, which we co-produced with HBO’s sister channel Cinemax and ZDF and has received great reviews in the USA, Australia, France and the UK. “This partnership with Fremantle is a brilliant way to showcase our prowess as DStv is Africa’s most-loved storyteller, and we particularly relish pairing our local talent with international stars.” Editorial director, Julie Hodge, told Daily Sun: “As production commences on our first ever South African drama, this is a proud moment for Fremantle and M-Net. The series has been in development for many years, and we hope it will be the first of many successful projects in the region. “Reyka is a rich and compelling story and we couldn’t be happier to have Kim and Iain on board to bring these complex characters to life – we’re confident it will be one of our standout international dramas for 2021.” The series is created and written by award-winning screenwriter Rohan Dickson and jointly produced by Serena Cullen for Serena Cullen Productions in the UK (Lady Chatterley’s Lover, Cold Feet) and Harriet Gavshon for Emmy nominated Quizzical Pictures in South Africa.