While things have been challenging for Kaizer Chiefs this season, defender Yagan Sasman is hopeful that Amakhosi will end inside the top eight. The work that will help them achieve the dream starts with next fixture on Wednesday which is a derby game against Swallows FC at FNB Stadium. Chiefs will be looking to bounce back from recent setbacks when they host Swallows and Sasman is looking forward to helping the team’s course as they look to get back to winning ways against the Dube Birds. Sasman is under no illusions and is aware of the challenge posed by their Soweto rivals. “I think the game is going to be difficult for us because it is another Soweto Derby,” Sasman told his club's official website. “We all know that derbies are difficult, and players want to win them. It’s an even more important game for us. As things stand, each and every one of the remaining games is important to us. We are all hyped up for Wednesday’s match.” Sasman believes that every point and every game take on added importance for Chiefs who are currently outside of the top eight positions. Victory against Swallows would help Chiefs get their top eight qualification ambitions right back on track. “It is key for Chiefs to do well in the four remaining league games and collect the 12 points on offer,” he added.  “We need to try and start with the three points on Wednesday because our goal is to make the top eight and every point is vital.” On a personal note, Sasman, who has played just six times in all competitions this season, has spoken about his personal challenges and not seeing regular game time, but remains committed to stepping in when needed to help Chiefs in their quest to finish inside the top eight and push further on in the CAF Champions League. “Being in and out of the team and not always playing has been difficult,” he admitted.“But the guys are pushing each other on and off the field, even the guys on the bench. If you are not playing, you must support the guys on the field – that’s how teamwork works. You must push in training and be ready for your next opportunity.” Chiefs will face The Dube Birds on Wednesday at 5pm and will then host Tanzanian outfit Simba on Saturday in the first leg of their CAF Champions League Quarterfinal clash.