SWALLOWS FC are officially the draw kings in the DStv Premiership this season. The Dube Birds have broken the record for the most amount of draws in a single campaign by any team in the top-flight. This after they were held to their 18th draw of the season by relegation threatened Stellenbosch FC at Dobsonville Stadium yesterday. The two sides could not break each other down and had to settle for a share of the spoils following a goalless draw. The Dube Birds, who equalled the unwanted record last week when they held Kaizer Chiefs to a 1-1 draw, are now the undisputed draw kings in the PSL. The previous record of 17 was jointly held by SuperSport United (2012/13)‚ Free State Stars and Santos. Stars and Santos achieved the mark in the same season in 2005/6. Swallows are now out on their own as the draw kings following their sixth successive draw and 18th overall. The result saw Brandon Truter's charges remain in fifth spot with 42 points from 27 matches. They are just a solitary point away adrift of Golden Arrows and Orlando Pirates in third and fourth, respectively. They will still be hopeful of finishing the season in the top three as they continue to push for continental football next season. Truter’s charges could have leapfrogged Arrows into third place had they managed to get maximum points. Nevertheless, they still have three matches remaining to try and push for a top-three finish. They are next in action against leaders Mamelodi Sundowns at the same venue next Saturday (5pm). Meanwhile, the result was not too helpful for Swallows’ opponents Stellies who remain in the relegation dogfight heading into the final two matches of the season. They remain in a precarious position with the dreaded relegation axe hovering above them. Steve Barker’s charges will be determined to ensure they climb up the ladder in their next match against TS Galaxy in two weeks. They finish their campaign with a clash against high-flying Golden Arrows at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on 5 June.