UNCERTAINTY will move closer to reality for relegation-haunted teams in the penultimate DStv Premiership matches next Wednesday. Black Leopards, Chippa United and Stellenbosch FC are all in danger of being relegated. Last night, Bloemfontein Celtic came from behind to compound Chippa’s woes when they beat them 2-1 in a DStv Premiership match at Sisa Dukashe Stadium in Mdantsane, Eastern Cape. Chippa were the first to find the back of the net through Mduduzi Sibeko in the 38th minute of the first half as they went to the break leading. However, Siwelele, who missed plenty of chances in the first half, came back in the second half a bit composed as they managed to score two goals which proved to be enough to hand them three points. Neo Maema scored an equaliser in the 66th minute, and captain Ndumiso Mabena sealed the three points for Celtic with 15 minutes remaining. The results see Chilli Boys remain in a precarious position 15 with 25 points after 28 matches.Every season, Chippa begin the campaign as relegation strugglers, but they have always survived. Last season, they managed to save their top-flight status on the last day of the season thanks to the astute guidance of coach Clinton Larsen. It is the same story yet again, and they could kiss their lucrative elite league status a goodbye. The Chilli Boys are six points clear of Black Leopards, who are at the foot of the table with just 19 points. At this stage, they are among the favourites to play in the promotion-relegation play-offs with GladAfrica Championship sides at the end of the season. Leopards, who have three games remaining (against Kaizer Chiefs, Cape Town City and Celtic), will need a miracle to save their PSL status. They need to win all three matches to reach a tally of 28 points and hope Chilli Boys does not pass the 27 points mark in two games. Chippa, Stellenbosch, Maritzburg United and Siwelele face the prospect of participating in the play-offs. However, there is still a lot that could happen in the remaining matches.