SUSPENDED ANC secretary general Ace Magashule has hit back
at his suspension and suspended President Cyril Ramaphosa as the leader of the
ANC instead. In a statement issued by Magashule responding to this
suspension, he described the move as flawed and was immediately appealing it
and by virtue of him appealing he was according to the ANC constitution still
the party’s secretary general. In a suspension letter Magashule sent to Ramaphosa and
copied to deputy secretary general Jessi Duarte, the embattled Magashule said
the president was barred from addressing party structures. He slapped Ramaphosa with the same constrictions that were
imposed on him earlier on Wednesday by Duarte. These included that Ramaphosa: May not carry out the
duties and responsibilities of your office as secretary general May not represent the organization publicly or in any other
forum May not make public statements on matters related to the
organization and May not engage in the mobilization of ANC structures, any
other organizations or individuals, including your stepping aside and matters
related there ANC spokesman Pule Mabe confirmed that Magashule has indeed
sent the letters to Ramaphosa and Duarte and stressed that the decision of the
national executive committee and the national working committee that members
criminally charged and did not voluntarily step aside should be suspended. “The NEC will be meeting over the weekend and will
accordingly respond to the Secretary General. The ANC request that the
Secretary General respect the decisions of the NEC and subject himself to the
discipline of the organization,” he said. Magashule was earlier on Wednesday slapped with a letter
suspending him and banning him from performing his duties and responsibilities
as secretary general. But Magashule in a statement with the party’s letterheads
and dated May 5, argued that his deputy Jessie Duarte had no authority to issue
with a suspension letter. He also described the process of suspending him as flawed.
He went on to turn the matter on its head. “I have also, in accordance with the powers vested in me as
secretary general of the ANC, and furthermore in full compliance with relevant
conference resolutions, summarily suspended the president of the ANC, comrade
Cyril Ramaphosa,” Magashule stated in the letter. He said he was suspending Ramaphosa in terms of Resolution
8.2 of the 54th conference which he said he said stipulated that any member
accused of or reports to be involved in corrupt practices must submit the
Integrity Commission or face a disciplinary process. If they fail to give a
satisfactory explanation such members should face disciplinary processes if
they don’t voluntarily step aside. In the short statement announcing the suspension of
Ramaphosa urged members to act with revolutionary dignity, respect and uphold
the party’s constitution. “None of us should bow to illegal and unconstitutional
actions. In doing so we must protect the unity of the ANC as leader of the
society,” he said.