Black Leopards could kiss their PSL status bye-bye on Wednesday afternoon should they lose to fellow strugglers Chippa United at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium at 3pm. Leopards, whose coach Lehlohonolo Seema is rumoured to be uneasy and wants out, will need to win this all-important relegation dog-fight if they still value their PSL status and R2,5 million monthly grant. Mathemetically, defeat for Lidoda Duvha against the Chilli Boys, would all but be enough to rule them out. PERMUTATIONS: 1. Victory for Chippa will elevate them to 27 points from 27 matches, which is nine above Leopards who are last on the 16 team log table. 2. Defeat for Leopards would mean they will remain on 18 points from 27 matches, which would leave them with three matches to play, carrying nine points. Even if Leopards can win their remaining matches (Kaizer Chiefs, 26 May); (Cape Town City, 2 June) & (Bloemfontein Celtic, 5 June), they can only finish the season on 27 points, but their goal difference is a massive nightmare, as they continue to concede en masse. And their loss of goalkeeper King Ndlovu to Orlando Pirates was a big hit on the back side. 3. Leopards, out of 26 matches, have lost 16 matches, drawn six and won four - 42 goal against, and a minus 23 in goal-difference, which is 11 more than Chippa. 4. For Leopards to turn the log table around and maybe fight for a play-offs position, they will need to win against Chippa and move to 21 points, which will ease pressure, as they will be three short of catching up with Chippa and all having played 27 matches. From this, they will be hoping either Chippa lose or draw their remaining matches against Bloemfontein Celtic (18 May); TTM (2 June) and SuperSport United on 5 June to conclude the season. 5. Another twist that could save their status is for fellow relegation haunted teams - Maritzburg United and Tshakhuma FC to lose their matches, while they win theirs, a rare possible. And this would have to start this Wednesday for that to help the, especially for them winning their matches. On the another flip side is for Leopards to hope Maritzburg United (13th) and TshakhumaFC (14th) - both on 25 points, to lose their remaining matches. Maritzburg are left with Golden Arrows (Wednesday, 12 May), TTM (15 May), Cape Town City (19 May), SuperSport United (2 June) and AmaZulu on 5 June to conclude their season. As for TTM, they have SuperSport United (12 May), Maritzburg United (15 May), Baroka (18 May), Chippa United (2 June) and Orlando Pirates (5 June). 6. There is no other way but for Leopards to secure, or buy more time, but to win their match against Chippa today. Leopards come to this Wednesday's match from an embarrassing and heartbreaking 3-0 loss to Orlando Pirates.