THE SA Football Association (Safa) said the independent arbitrator’s decision is final and Sekhukhune United should get three points, which would see them crowned GladAfrica Championship champions and promoted to the DStv Premiership. But Safa and the PSL are on a collision course after the PSL disciplinary committee decided not to award Sekhukhune with the three points. This after Polokwane City were found guilty of failing to include five Under-23 players when these two sides met in January this year. Sekhukhune, as per the regulations, protested before the game which they lost 1-0. Babina Noko then took the matter to Safa’s arbitration. Safa’s independent legal team said Sekhukhune should be awarded the points, and the decision is final. But the PSL remained unmoved over this arbitration ruling. They did not update the log standings, heading into the last round of fixtures on Sunday. Royal AM on 50 points, were still ahead of second placed Sekhukhune by three points, drew their game against Cape Town All Stars 1-1 while Sekhukhune won their against JDR Stars 3-1. This meant AM finished top of the table on 51 points, one above the Limpopo club. Both teams celebrated after their games that they have won the Championship trophy.But the PSL said, because the matter is sub judice as they have been served with court papers, no team will get the trophy until the matter is resolved.But Safa said Sekhukhune should be declared champions because Polokwane were found guilty of breaking the rules.“The Safa arbitration’s decision was final because they are an independent body who made the decision,” said an informant from Safa.“The decision of the arbitrator is final and binding. Binding in the sense that these are independent bodies, they are not in favour of anyone but they are completely independent and their decisions. Over and above that, the matter was between Polokwane City and Sekhukhune and no one else.”In a twist of events, Polokwane are the one who have filed the court papers. This leaves a question mark on what they stand to gain because they were found guilty of contravening the rules.In a letter seen by SunSport, Sekhukhune said they are totally against the PSL DC’s verdict not to award them the three points.“The Respondent failed to include in their team sheet the required number five under-23 players during the fixture, in contravening of Rule 35.2 of the NDSL Rule,” said the letter of the protesting party, Sekhukhune.