Former
president Jacob Zuma will plead not guilty to corruption charges when he
returns to court on 26 May. Zuma
appeared in the KwaZulu-Natal High Court in Pietermaritzburg on Monday, where
the matter was postponed. Zuma's
advocate Thabani Masuku SC indicated that they wished to bring a "special
plea".  He also added that Zuma was
ready to proceed with the trial. "It
should never be regarded that our plea that we intend to raise is a sign that
we are not ready. We are ready," Masuku said. However,
State advocate Billy Downer said he hadn't seen the "special plea"
papers, adding that he was informed that substantial papers including evidence
under oath supported the plea. Downer, who
is the same advocate who successfully prosecuted fraudster Schabir Shaik, told
the court that the State needed to consider the contents of the plea and
consider its position. "It is
inevitable that this matter has to be postponed to allow the State to read my
learned friend's plea and to decide how to respond." Zuma's team
will file an affidavit raising the grounds of the plea by Wednesday. During his
appearance, Zuma had the support of suspended ANC secretary-general Ace
Magashule and former North West premier Supra Mahumapelo. As Zuma
entered the courtroom on Monday , some in the gallery chanted, "long live
Jacob Zuma, long live!" The matter
started just after 10:45 and was over in less than 15 minutes. The uMkhonto
weSizwe Military Veterans' Association was also represented in the form of Carl
Niehaus. Former NPA
boss Mokotedi Mpshe dropped the charges in 2009, based on the recordings of the
so-called "spy tapes", which were presented to him by Zuma's legal
team. The tapes
were made up of recordings of telephone conversations between then Scorpions
boss Leonard McCarthy and former NPA boss Bulelani Ngcuka, which Zuma's legal
team claimed showed political interference in the decision to charge him. The charges
were subsequently withdrawn, just before Zuma was sworn in for his first term
as president. However, in
March 2018, former NPA boss Shaun Abrahams reinstated the charges. SOURCE:
NEWS24 