FURIOUS residents of Sekgoeng Village in Zebediela, Limpopo, want a school’s SGB chairwoman to go. The angry residents blocked a primary School’s gates with burning branches and stones, denying pupils access on Friday, 21 May. According to the residents, the school’s SGB chairwoman allegedly runs the school like a family business. Community leader Simon Molokomme told Daily Sun the community had to buy materials last year to renovate their then deteriorating building. “The school was renovated and all was well until the chairperson decided to take home the old material without our permission,” claimed Molokomme. “We believe that although the material was old, it would’ve in future helped the school somehow,” he said. He said when they confronted her about the missing building material, she apparently told them they didn’t know anything about the school. “She told us if we continued with the strike she would call the police and harshly deal with us,” he said. He alleged the chairwoman also used the school premises to run her own businesses. “She also hired her own people to sew the school’s uniform and sell it to the parents by force,” he said. Molokomme said the Department of Education’s recently introduced teachers’ assistant posts which were allegedly only benefiting her family. Education spokeswoman Tidimalo Chuene said the department was concerned about the situation at the school. “What was stated to the community and should be understood by all is that there is no way as a department we are going to allow a situation where learning is disrupted to highlight concerns on the running of the school,” said Chuene. She said the issues mentioned could be resolved while teaching and learning continued. “The group has been relentless in stopping lessons and that is why we have opened a case with the police in line with the section 3 of the South African Schools Act,” she said. She said they had an obligation to act in the best interest of the pupils and that is exactly what they were doing.