IT WAS a wonderful day for the community of Bronkhospruit on Thursday, 6 May, when Gauteng Premier David Makhura and Health MEC Dr Nomathemba Mokgethi officially opened a new 150-bedded Covid-19 isolation ward. Makhura thanked BMW and the German government for partnering with them in delivering the ward adding to the pre-existing 60 beds in the hospital. He said: “Bronkhorstspruit Hospital was the smallest hospital, with only 60 beds but now it’s a 210-bedded facility.” Makhura said the beds were not only for Covid-19, but for all who will be using the hospital. He said the hospital will not function on its own, but will work with clusters. Makhura said they had also upgraded some parts of Mamelodi Day Hospital as it is one of the hospitals that will work with Bronkhorstspruit. “We have fixed different parts of the hospital and the congested areas, which were a nightmare,” he said. He said since the start of the partnership in June last year, BMW has delivered a fully-equipped ambulance vehicle to Dr George Mukhari Academic Hospital and three first responder vehicles that will service Ga-Rankuwa, Mabopane and Soshanguve areas. The premier also spoke about the anticipated third wave in the province. He said they were monitoring hospital admissions, mortality and the increase in mobility. “The province has built enormous tracking capacity, which includes monitoring on a daily basis,” he said. Mokgethi said the work accomplished at Bronkhorstspruit Hospital is a milestone achieved under public-private partnership. “The partnership further ensured that we increase the capacity of Soshanguve Block TT Clinic, Dr George Mukhari Hospital, eight secondary hospitals, which include Jubilee and Bronkhorstspruit hospitals and four primary health care clinics in Tshwane,” she said. She said they were handing over the new Covid-19 isolation ward, which will ensure that the Bronkhorstspruit health facility was ready for any eventuality of an upsurge of Covid-19 cases. Mokgethi said this additional upgrade done in this facility will go a long way in transforming the health services rendered in this hospital. “Most of the immediate assistance we have been sponsored with are also addressing the medium and long-term investment to support our healthcare public infrastructure and services, over and above Covid-19 period,” she said.