Swallows FC will play host to the newly-crowned 2020-21 DStv Premiership champions, Mamelodi Sundowns, at Dobsonville Stadium on Saturday. Kick-off is at 5pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Swallows set a new record for the most draws in a single top-flight season – 18 – when they were held 0-0 at home by Stellenbosch FC on 18 May. It was the Soweto side’s sixth successive draw. The Birds have claimed 23 points from 13 home matches this season. They are the only remaining team with an unbeaten home record this season. “Another record, [we were the] first team to win the GladAfrica Championship. [Now we’re the] first team to draw 18 games, I will take it. It’s not a good one but it’s a record. I hope it gets broken sooner than later,’’ said Swallows head coach Brandon Truter. "It gets tougher next, we have Sundowns and then AmaZulu. We will sit down, recover and get fresh legs on the park against Sundowns - hopefully they are champions by the time we play them!" Sundowns sealed an unprecedented fourth successive league title - and 11th in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) era - when they defeated Tshwane rivals SuperSport United 3-1 at home on 26 May, with goals from Lebohang Maboe, Aubrey Modiba and Themba Zwane. The Brazilians have claimed 31 points from 13 away matches this season, with their last result on the road a 1-0 win at TS Galaxy earlier this month. "Up until now there was only one game where we didn't dominate possession. That was the game against Cape Town City away. But we still won that game 2-0. All the matches that we've played in the Premiership, we've dominated," said Sundowns co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi. "We are looking forward to the last three games. We have our own targets. We would have loved to finish the league with a different number of points. But we can still get close. “We still do have a responsibility to see where we went wrong and be critical of ourselves. Even though everybody is speaking highly of how we dominated matches, I still challenge the players to sit back and introspect on their own numbers individually," Mngqithi added. In head-to-head stats, Sundowns and Swallows have met in 61 league matches since 1985. The Brazilians have claimed 31 wins compared to 13 for the Birds, while 17 matches have been drawn. The Soweto side has won just six of their 31 home matches against their Tshwane counterparts, suffering 14 defeats in the process. When the teams met earlier this season, at Lucas Moripe Stadium in January 2021, they played out a 1-1 draw: Kermit Erasmus put Sundowns on course for victory, but Swallows hit back late on through Musa Nyatama to force a share of the spoils. -SuperSport