NOMZAMO Kubheka has no peace. This is because her makhi has been asking her for a poke. And even though she said no countless times, he won’t listen. She even got his family involved, but it didn’t help. Nomzamo is now worried as her makhi, Jerry Malinga (61), is allegedly using muthi to get her to say yes. The 36-year-old from Orlando East, Soweto, told Daily Sun Jerry has been a problem since his wife died in 2019. She said she’s starting to think he has always craved for her. ALSO READ: HOUSE OF RAPE HORRORS! “I’ve been a prophet since the age of 19 and know I’m not wrong. I got a second opinion from a sangoma friend who confirmed he’s using muthi so I could say yes,” she said. Nomzamo said she then started dreaming of Jerry last month. “The dream was blurry, but I saw him sitting with a sangoma asking her to give him something strong for a certain lady. “I was puzzled, but didn’t want to make a big deal of it. “I had the same dream two days later, but this time it was clearer and my name was even mentioned,” she said. Nomzamo said Jerry came to her house the following day and begged for a poke. “I told him I’ll call the police and he quickly left. ALSO READ: WATCH: TEARS OVER TLOF TLOF! “He hasn’t come to my house since then, but always yells my name through the fence. “I’m so tired of this and don’t know what to do anymore,” she said. Nomzamo’s sangoma friend, Lindiwe Mabuza (36), said her ancestors showed her what Jerry was doing. “He went to a sangoma three times and was given certain things to bath with and burn around the house,” said Lindiwe. She said he didn’t succeed because Nomzamo’s ancestors were protecting her. But Jerry denied going to a sangoma. However, he said he wanted Nomzamo. “I don’t think I’m capable of loving anyone else besides my wife. This is why I only want a poke from Nomzamo. “She’s really beautiful and I can’t handle myself when I see her. “Her curves make me go crazy and I don’t know what to do anymore,” he said. He said he was not willing to give up. “I won’t even stress her out with relationship things, we’ll just have a poking relationship,” said Jerry. Jerry’s son said he told his father to stop this countless times, but he didn’t listen. “Some of our family members also tried talking to him, but we’ve all given up. “I hope she finds a solution to deal with him,” said the son.