ARTISTS have ended their sit-in at Windybrow Art Centre. About 20 artists have been staging a sit-in since last Friday, 14 May. On Tuesday, 18 May, Daily Sun published a story about artists who complained that Windybrow Art Centre in Joburg had locked them out. They said their production equipment was also locked inside Windybrow offices due to non-payment of rent. At that time the CEO of OL Africa Media Foundation, Mpho Tlatleng, had said: “I was told I can’t get it as I owe rent. I had to hire the same equipment in order to generate income. They are threatening to sell the equipment to cover the rent we owe. But the lease doesn’t mention anything about locking or selling our equipment in the case of non-payment of rent.” Daily Sun has seen WhatsApp messages from the CEO of Market Theatre Foundation, Keitumetse Ngwangwa, threatening to sell the equipment. ALSO READ: SGAQAGAQA DUMPS THE QUEEN! “Failure to respond will result in your property being removed from the premises for sale of the amount you have outstanding,” she wrote. In a statement, Market Theatre Foundation publicist Lusanda Zokufa said their negotiations with the artists had reached a deadlock. “The artist had a six-month lease, from 1 October 2020 to 31 March 2021. By February 2021 the OL Africa Media Foundation was in arrears and the Windybrow Art Centre worked on finding a solution that could ensure the back payments were met and the space could remain available to the artist. Unfortunately, the two parties failed to reach an agreement and entered into a formal mediation process. Through this process a number of points were agreed on and the OL Africa Media Foundation was to formally respond. The deadline and subsequent extensions were not met and none of the requested and agreed to information or undertakings have been submitted by the OL Africa Media Foundation,” she said. She said during the staged sit-in, a representative of the OL Africa Media Foundation demanded to speak to council. The group was advised on the process to engage with council and the requested information is yet to be received from them. She said they’re working to get this matter resolved. But Mpho said they have decided to end their sit-in. “We were offered another office space and therefore decide to end our sit-in. As a result we shall be removing our equipment from Windybrow Art Centre to our new office space,” said Mpho.