Musica has now closed down all its stores. The group announced their decision to close their 59 stores around the country in January. They had already closed down 19 stores then. They shared the sad news that they’ve officially closed down all their stores on Facebook on Wednesday, 26 May. When announcing the news in January the Clicks Group, which Musica was under, said the full closure would take effect from 31 May. They said the move from physical CDs and DVDs to online streaming platforms, as well as Covid-19, had an impact on the closing of the stores. ALSO READ : MASTER KG SCORES INTERNATIONAL COLLAB They also said the Musica staff would be taken to the group’s other networks and will be accommodated. In the past months, they’ve been holding a clearance sale. After the news on Wednesday, people took to social media to say their final goodbyes to the store. Some of those people included former Jamali member, Jacqui Carpede. The songstress said the store gave her many musical memories. “The feeling of landing in different provinces and heading to the nearest Musica store for an in-store signing session and seeing people waiting in line with their CDs in hand...PRICELESS. Thank you @Musica___SA for the best musical memories,” she wrote. Twitter user Lucky Mdaweni wrote: “So long to a legend #Musica. They raised a music-loving generation. I have so many memories spent at those listening booths I used to frequent on weekends. A World Awaits.”   The feeling of landing in different provinces and heading to the nearest Musica store for an in store signing session and seeing people waiting in line with their CD's in hand...PRICELESS?? Thank you @Musica___SA for the best musical memorieshttps://t.co/yylQqHhXfL out now ?? pic.twitter.com/pAngUcymeN So long to a legend #Musica They raised a music-loving generation. I have so many memories spent at those listening booths I used frequent, on weekends ???? A World Awaits?? pic.twitter.com/NzOa5VNFh3 This is sad ?? pic.twitter.com/SbzBPywr8f Musica announced that all its stores are officially closed, permanently. The job losses?????? not just in the stores but also in the industry that manufactured CDs, the distributors etc Ya ne Musica today announced that they have officially closed all their stores. ???? THANK YOU for the memories - you will be missed! ???? pic.twitter.com/Sgyfiu35jG 