THE Inquiry into State Capture came to an abrupt stop on
Thursday for unspecified security reasons. The dramatic stop came as former finance minister Malusi
Gigaba’s wife Norma Gigaba was giving evidence on the relationship between her
husband and the controversial Gupta families. While in the middle of her testimony, evidence leader
Advocate Anton Myburg interrupted telling chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond
Zondo that he had just been advised that proceedings need to adjourn urgently. “It’s apparently a protector-related issue,” Myburg cut off
Zondo as he was seeking clarity from Norma on how her husband used to get money
in the bags from the Guptas. And with that Norma looked with a terrified look as Zondo
adjourned for five minutes. “I have been informed that there are security reasons for us
to adjourn. I am sorry it's beyond everyone’s control. So we are going to
adjourn till tomorrow morning,” he said. In her testimony, Norma had told the commission how the
relationship between her husband and Guptas became strained because they
controlled how he should run the department of public enterprises and reminded
him every time why he was deployed to that portfolio in the first place. She said they were so controlling to a point that they
expected him to jump and drop everything he was doing when Ajay Gupta called
him for a meeting. This made me angry because at time he had ministerial duties
to perform and it made him look unprofessional. Matters were not made easier for Gigaba as he didn’t have a
healthy relationship with a trusted Gupta ally former SAA board chairman Dudu
Miyeni. She spoke of how Malusi was pushed to force then Eskom chief
executive officer Brian Damme to resign even though Malusi enjoyed a good
relationship with him but was not liked by Miyeni. She also said when Malusi was deployed to public enterprises
department, the Guptas started visiting regularly sometimes more than twice a
week but when he refused to toe the line, he was moved back to home affairs. “He was very angry that he was moved to home affairs. He
believed Dudu Miyeni had an influence in him being moved. In his mind, he had
the impression that he came first to the (former) president (Jacob Zuma,” she
said. She will continue with her testimony on Friday morning
followed by her husband later on.