UNDERFIRE Orlando Pirates coach, Josef Zinnbauer, understands the fans' anger that his club have not been good enough this season. But the former Hamburg coach has reminded them that they have won the trophy this season, which was the MTN8 trophy to end six seasons of draught. But Pirates fans are fed up with how the Soweto giants have been since Zinnbauer arrived at the Mayfair club in December 2019. They are planning a peaceful protest in the coming days and on top of their agenda, they want the German-born coach to vacate the position, even though he has delivered a piece of silverware. But in his defence, Zinnbauer said Pirates have won the Wafa Wafa Cup and reached the Caf Confederation Cup Last-8, where they lost 4-0 this past weekend to Moroccan giants Raja Casablanca (5-1), but things have not been bad. “In football you will have fans who are upset after losing the game, that is totally normal and I understand,” said Zinnbauer. “But on the other side you have supporters that give you positives. But don’t forget we won a title this season, we just exited the quarter-final of the Caf Confed Cup. They can say all the negatives, but we see the other side because this was a good experience for the players.” Based on the investment that was made by Pirates at the beginning of the season, the Soweto giants were expected to challenge Mamelodi Sundowns for the DStv Premiership title. But they couldn’t mount any of that, neither even coming close to first position. They are currently fourth on the log table with 43 points after 26 games, a whopping 14 points behind Sundowns, with four games remaining. They host second-placed AmaZulu at Orlando Stadium this afternoon (5pm) where defeat is not an option for Zinnbauer if he knows what is best him. Zinnbauer says Pirates’ objective is to play in Africa again next season. “We have third place in our hand. Second place, maybe, but we have to fight for this,” he said. Pirates’ 3-0 loss to Sundowns in the league on 2 May was the first time they have lost at the venue since 2018, ending 37 league games unbeaten.