AWARD-WINNING DJ and record label boss Mthokozisi Khathi, best known as DJ Tira, has finally launched his new app called YouDeh. The launch was held at Rockets in Bryanston and it was attended by Tira’s industry friends and his wife, Gugu Khathi. According to the musician, he has been working on the application for almost two years and it will allow fans to connect with their favourite celebrities from all over the world at a fee. On the app, the user loads money and they can request a meeting with a specific celebrity with time intervals, ranging from five minutes to one hour. Speaking to Daily Sun, Tira said for him this is a business app that will eliminate the middleman. “We are all about business and we have realised that times have changed. We are no longer making money by going to events, technology has taken over and has changed our lives and it is time that we really come up with ideas that make things better and this app is for everyone who thinks that their time is valuable and who would like to use his time to make money,” he said. The talented DJ thanked lockdown because it made them accelerate the progress of the app. ALSO READ | THE HUNT FOR OUR NEXT MISS SA IS ON “Honestly speaking, we have lockdown to thank because we were relaxed. I believe if it were not for it, we would have probably released the app next year or in the next two years. “Lockdown was an eye-opener, and it made my team and I notice that we might actually need an app like this one sooner than we had anticipated, because not only does the app connect people with their fans, but it also allows them to host events that can take up to almost 50 people,” he said. “Working on the app has been quite a journey and every day we learn new things and new ways on how we can improve it and make it better, and hopefully in the years to come it will be in the same ranks as Instagram and it will be everyone’s go-to app.” The Durban-born music executive said the app aligns with his brand because he’s a person who likes to help people and connect people and hopefully this app will take his mission to greater heights. Tira, who is in the cut-throat music industry and recently celebrated two decades in the music scene, told Daily Sun that with the type of industry he’s in, it’s important to have a good support system. “Behind all the glamour that everyone sees, there’s also a lot of negative vibes and drama in this industry at times which I try to distance myself from. “It’s always good to have someone who can support you and have your back, and constantly remind you why you embarked on the journey to begin with, and so far my wife is doing well at that and I’m very grateful to her,” he said.