A NIGHT of boozing ended with bottles flying and people being beaten up! These were the scenes at Maboneng Lifestyle in Soshanguve, Tshwane last Saturday. A video has surfaced on social media showing uncontrollable scenes of people being beaten and stabbed with bottles. The footage was shared by a Facebook page called South Africa Daily with a caption that reads: “People were robbed off their cellphones. People were stabbed with bottles. People were beaten up for no reason. It was just a chaotic night that started peacefully.” In the video, people are heard describing the horrific scenes where people were allegedly robbed of their belongings. ALSO READ: MAGASHULE TAKES BULL BY THE HORNS! “They are hurting him and look at that one, he is being robbed,” the man behind the video said as he described the torment. "Soshanguve's famous pub named Maboneng Lifestyle turned into a mini Hillbrow when everyone started fighting everyone. People were robbed off their Cellphones, People were stabbed with bottles, People were beaten up for no reason. It was just a night that started off peacefully." pic.twitter.com/P44wN37nmU It’s still yet to be established as to what could have caused the shocking incident. The establishment released a statement on Wednesday, 5 May distancing itself from the incident. “Maboneng Management distances itself from the unfortunate and distasteful events that took place during the MBB annual event,” read the statement. The management said their venue had been booked by a company to host the event and said they were responsible for overseeing the security and safety of the people who had attended the event. “We have since learnt a hard lesson from the unfortunate incident and have put up stricter and tighter measures to avoid a repeat of this sad error,” the statement read. Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo told Daily Sun that they would monitor the place going forward. “The incident happened over the weekend, but no complaints were received and no case was opened. “The police have taken note of the video and the place will be monitored closely,” Captain Masondo said.