FORMER Sars commissioner Tom Moyane has denied that he was involved in state capture. Speaking at the Zondo Commission yesterday, Moyane said those who testified that he was involved were just trying to damage his image. Moyane said former Sars commissioner, current Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan, was jealous that he managed to make history by collecting R1,1 trillion in the 2016/2017 financial year. “In this financial year, we produced sterling results which were historical. Therefore, I find it strange for somebody to come here and say it was a disaster,” he said. Moyane, who was appointed in 2014, said his relationship with Gordhan went from bad to worse. He said on 29 September 2015, he got a call from Gordhan angrily asking him why he did not congratulate Gordhan when he was appointed Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs Minister. Moyane said they clashed again in October when Gordhan refused to shake his hand after the medium term budget speech. ALSO READ: BISHOP MAKAMU ARRESTED! “When Gordhan was done greeting everybody he turned to me and said ‘Tom it is not done’ in a visibly angry tone,” said Moyane. He told the commission that recorded telephone conversations with Gordhan proved that the minister was a racist and condescending. “I appeal to you that in your report you pronounce and make a determination that Gordhan spoke gossip and was jealously blinded by his racist attitude to me,” he said. Moyane said Gordhan believed he had something to do with former president Jacob Zuma firing him from his position as finance minister. “To suggest that I influenced the president to fire him as a minister of finance is just preposterous because I have no authority or power over the president. He appoints and dismisses ministers at his will,” said Moyane. ALSO READ: HOUSE OF RAPE HORRORS! He told the inquiry he didn’t take former judge Robery Nugent’s 2018 report seriously. The report found Sars was on the brink of collapse due to Moyane’s restructuring. “It was merely rubber stamping a decision that was taken to tarnish my image,” he said.