Mamelodi Sundowns co-coach Manqoba Mngqithi has welcomed the decision of the Premier Soccer League to extend the 2020-21 season by a week and into June. The DStv Premiership season will now end on June 5, a week later than scheduled, as the PSL take advantage of the fact that the World Cup qualifiers that were scheduled to start on that date have been shifted to September. It gives Sundowns, and the other clubs involved in CAF club competition quarterfinals this month – Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates – more time between crucial games. "The fact that the games have been pushed back is giving us a little bit of a breather between the Champions League,” Mngqithi says. “Because most of the time we complain that our fixtures are not right. We need to thank the CEO of the league [Dr Irvin Khoza] to give us more rest to conquer Africa." Mngqithi was also pleased to come through a difficult league clash against TS Galaxy on Sunday, where the 1-0 victory extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points with five rounds to play. "They [Galaxy] don't give you time on the ball. They work very hard and we had to break down and get something and fortunately we managed to get our goal which I think opened the game up a little bit. “We started getting some inroads behind their defence because initially they were sitting deep and when they got desperate and opened up a little bit, that's when we brought Peter [Shalulile] to come and play as a nine because we were looking for the space behind. "But the most unfortunate part is that we struggled to get that insurance [goal]. The game looked like it was going down to that game where in the last stages we need to be more focused. They nearly caught us with a set-piece in the dying minutes of the game. "It's never easy to play against Owen [Galaxy coach Da Gama]. One must thank the boys. They worked very hard. Considering that we have been playing back to back, games close to another. These games were important to stamp our authority and to show everyone we are very keen to try and win this trophy. "We've got a very good group. They all work very well as a team. They are very positive. They are more willing to fight for one another. And the only thing we can ask for is to stay true to our process because we've got our own process. We are just entering the last cycle." -SuperSport