ORLANDO Pirates thrashed relegation haunted Black Leopards 3-0 in a DStv Premiership match at Orlando Stadium last night to keep up with title chasers. Mabasa repaid Pirates coach Josef Zinnbauer for giving him a rare start when he scored in the 46th and 66th minutes respectively, while late substitute Gabadinho Mhango grabbed the third in the 86th minute to move the Soweto giants into fourth spot on 42 points from 25 matches. The win has also kept Bucs hopes of qualifying for next year’s Caf Champions League alive. This was a sweet revenge for the Soweto giants having lost by the same margin to Leopards in the first round match played at Thohoyandou Stadium. Pirates have now given their fans something to cheer about following a humiliating 3-0 hammering to log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns in their last league game at the same venue on Sunday. However, the defeat for Leopards has dented their hopes of retaining their PSL status since they are still rooted to the bottom of  table on 18 points from 26 matches. Lidoda Duvha were aiming to register their second successive win having beaten  Limpopo rivals and fellow relegation candidates Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila in their last league game. Zinnbauer made five changes to the side that lost to Sundowns with Bongani Sam, Wayde Jooste, Nkanyiso Zungu, Kabelo Dlamini and Mabasa getting the nod in the absence of suspended Ntsikelelo Nyauza, Fortune Makaringe and injured Vincent Pule. The German born mentor also dropped Ben Motshwari and Paseka Mako to the bench. His counterpart, Lehlohonolo Seema made just one change with midfielder Donald Makgetlwa replacing suspended Wiseman Maluleke. Pirates dominated Leopards from the start using the right flank were Jooste was operating to launch a series of attacks. However, the home side finally got their first attempt on target in the 33rd minutes when Zungu’s goal bound shot forced Leopards keeper Jonas Mendes to force a corner. Zinnbauer’s halftime pep talk seems to have inspired his charges as Mabasa finally found the back of net a minute into the second half with an easy tap-in following a terrific cross from Jooste. The lanky striker put matters beyond Leopards reach with his second goal of the night from rebound after his first attempt had hit the upright. Mhango hammered the final nail into Leopards coffin to the delight of Zinnbauer.