IF you ask anyone about their perception on Havals, which are Chinese SUVs, you are likely to get a big thumbs down. But those who have driven them have a different perspective. They say if you despise Haval SUVs, then you’re missing out. The third generation Haval Jolion SUVs launch came with announcement that L.E.M.O.N., COFIS and TANK technology brands has officially announced that GWM will transform to a global mobility technology company. It also said its more intelligent, safe and trend-leading products will meet the needs of contemporary users for travel. Based on the overall technological upgrade brought by the technical brand, GWM has launched several new products on pickup and SUV models, represented by the third generation Haval H6 and Jolion. The brand-new models of Havals which have already arrived in Mzansi are set to cement Havals market position and the whole image of the brand.  This is also the first time that Haval updates its products at the same pace on domestic and overseas markets. Among them, Jolion is positioned as the global urban leading SUV and the 3rd Gen H6 is positioned as the new-generation model of global technology. While the new external design of the car give you an idea of where the manufacturer is going with these SUVs, I found the trendy hi-tech technology to be on another level.  They are based on brand-new products created by GWM’s L.E.M.O.N. Platform, which is a global high-intelligence and modular technology platform launched by GWM at the 30th anniversary to deal with the future technology challenges. It gives the car flexibility, high performance, high safety and light weight, which all contributed to the stable performance you get when driving the car.  The Jolion for instance has three dynamic steering models including light, comfort and sport, which changes for safety settings from low to high driving. Offered in 1,5litre four cylinder engine turbo petrol with 105kW and 210Nm of torque, the car handles and responds well to the drivers’ demands from the pedals. Pricing: 1,5T Manual 2WD City costs R299 900 1,5T Manual 2WD Luxury costs R332 900 1,5T 7DCT 2WD Premium costs R339 900 1,5T 7DCT 2WD Luxury costs R367 900 1,5T 7DCT 2WD Super Luxury costs R398 900 All products are sold with a standard five-year/100,000km warranty and five-year/60,000km service plan.