"Just be patient. I’m floating today like a butterfly.
Leave the processes and be patient. I've always supported president Jacob
Zuma." This was the response of suspended ANC secretary-general Ace
Magashule who continued to express his reluctance apologise to ANC leadership
for his public actions. On Tuesday, Magashule came to the Pietermaritzburg High
Court in KwaZulu-Natal to support former president Zuma, who's facing charges
of corruption, racketeering and money laundering. The ANC's national working committee (NWC) on Monday
condemned Magashule's behaviour - and national executive members, Tony Yengeni
and Carl Niehaus - after they addressed ANC supporters when Zuma last appeared
in court. The NWC said it had instructed "the national
presenter" to look into the "the breaches or discipline and to
investigate charges" in line with the ANC constitution's code of
conduct.Making his way into court, Magashule declined to speak on the issue.
Instead, he said patience should be exercised as the ANC processes unfolded. He was also hesitant to respond to the newly appointed
interim provincial task team in the Free State. “Just leave the process to happen,” Magashule said On Tuesday, ANC deputy secretary-general Jessie Duarte
announced that 40 people would be part of an interim leadership following a
court interdict that invalidated the provincial conference held in 2018. She said that Mxolisi Dukwana, a former economic development
MEC in the province and a close ally of President Cyril Ramaphosa, would
spearhead the provincial task team. ANC heavyweights Magashule wasn’t the only senior ANC member who came to
support Zuma. Other disgruntled senior ANC members like the former eThekwini
mayor Zandile Gumede and former North West premier Supra Mahumapelo were there. Gumede, who's since stepped aside, refused to comment on the
matter as she made her way into court. "I'm here to support Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma,"
she said. Her trial is set to resume on 14 June. She and her 21
co-accused face 2 786 charges collectively. KwaZulu-Natal Premier Sihle Zikalala and ANC provincial
secretary Mdumiseni Ntuli were also present, despite being booed previously
when trying to address Zuma supporters. Zikalala said they were not deterred from showing support as
the provincial leadership of the ANC, despite unexpected pushback from ANC
supporters. "What is primary is that we are here to give support to
the former president, Jacob Zuma. As to what other people are saying, it
doesn't matter because the primary intention is to give the former president
the support. Booing is not an issue that can stop us or which can make us angry
against particular individuals we’ve been subjected to Boeing's in different
platforms and eventually we'll engage with those people and find each other. So
we not here about Boeing. We're here to support the former president," he
said.  SOURCE: NEWS24 https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/im-floating-today-like-a-butterfly-ace-magashule-says-anc-processes-must-be-allowed-to-happen-20210526