NETBALL South Africa president Cecilia Molokwane feels it is unfortunate that the government has decided to suspend all contact sport at South African schools, a decision that has brough about doubts over the inaugural SuperSport School’s Netball Challenge which was due to start this month. Molokwane, however, insists that the decision should be respected, adding that human life is more important than sport. “We will go with what the government says,” said Molokwane. “We are not an island and we can’t run Netball in isolation. We are part of this country and we value people’s lives more than sports. “Let’s be honest, my life and your life are more important than Netball or any other sport. If we are told to stop, then we should and we will stop. “However, we know that there will be a time when we can pick up where we left off. We have shown that we can run Netball during the pandemic, we have had a lot of activities during this pandemic with success. “We have been very cautious and careful when doing this. We know how to play our game under Covid-19 regulations and we have not had any cases. We just have to keep adhering to the regulations and taking all the measure to ensure the safety of everyone.” Molokwane urged the government to also prioritize professional and amateur sportsmen and women in the next phase of the countrywide vaccinations. “When will vaccination come to sports people?” asked Molokwane. “As they say‚ viva vaccinations. Let’s also viva the vaccinations in sports because the more I am at home doing nothing is the more my mind idles‚ and an idling mind is a very dangerous mind. “Let me be the one advocating for vaccinations of sportswomen and men across all sports. We are one form of economy called sports tourism. Give us vaccinations as sports people because we want to be vaccinated so that we can play sports more safely. “For some of us‚ this is our bread and butter. If you don’t vaccinate us and tell us that we can only do things after a certain period of time‚ we are going to have a problem. "Remember‚ if we are not vaccinated we are not safe and we cannot perform‚ so let’s be vaccinated. I understand the issue of elderly people of this country‚ however‚ we should also be considered and those playing at schools level.”