Kaizer Chiefs have signed Ruzaigh Gamildien from Swallows FC on a two-year deal, according to information reaching SunSport. It is understood the Soweto giants opted for a short-term contract with Gamildien due to the striker's age, 32," and they don’t want to commit to a long-term deal. However, Amakhosi are in need of a player who will hit the ground running, as Amakhosi build up a strong team following past seasons of despair. It is understood Gamildien signed pre-contract and will be moving to Naturena. But Swallows chairman, David Mogashoa, was non-committal on the possible move, safe to say he will be making an assessment at the end of the season to decide on who is going and who will stay. “I can tell you now, you might see him at Swallows next season," said Mogashoa. Gamildien’s link to Chiefs has hogged headlines as he has been scoring goals like he's doing it for fun. This, at the early stages of the season, saw the Dube Birds challenge for the league title. While they were punching above their weight, Swallows coach Brandon Truter claimed two Coach of the Month awards (October/ November, December/January). On the latter award, Truter was joined by Gamildien on the podium as Player of the Month. This led to Gamildien getting a deserved Bafana Bafana recall in March for two Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers. But after that, things went south. Swallows suspended Gamaldien for two matches after he expressed a sense of unhappiness after being taken off against Orlando Pirates late last month. Gamildien also looked a shadow of himself as he was sent off against Chippa United on 20 March, the game he last scored. He missed the following two games before the club added their own suspension following antics against the Bucs. That led to him missing Swallows’ 1-1 draw against his potential new side Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Wednesday. According to Mogashoa, that was Gamildien’s last match on suspension by the club and will be back against Stellenbosch FC on Tuesday. When Mogashoa was asked if Gamildien might have been big headed following rumours of his pre-contract, he said this could be the case. “I think that (talks) maybe went to his head that he was going to Chiefs,” revealed Mogashoa. 