FOR coach Pitso Mosimane to know all the players at Mamelodi Sundowns, it won’t work, insisted Downs captain Mosa Lebusa. Lebusa, who was signed by Mosimane in 2018 from Ajax Cape Town, says so much has changed in the side since Jingles stunned the masses and left the club after eight years of trophy success in the last day of September to join Egyptian giants Al Ahly. Ahly, the defending champions of the Caf Champions League, will host Sundowns in the first leg of the quarter final of the Champions League at Al-Salam Stadium on Saturday (9pm). “We know Al Ahly well,” said Lebusa. “We are looking to write a history for us in this match. There are many things that have changed in Sundowns since Mosimane’s departure. We respect Mosimane very much, and as players we eagerly await the match.” It will be the first meeting between Mosimane against his former club, who cruised during the group stages. Sundowns, out of the six group stage matches, won five, and are going to this match on the back of three domestic wins on the bounce. On the other hand, Ahly battled through the group stages, losing to Simba SC, Kaizer Chiefs opponents in the other quarter final tie, finishing second ahead of the Tanzania surprised packages. Because Sundowns finished top of their group, it was inevitable that these two sides would meet in the quarter final of which it proved. It will be the ninth meeting between Sundowns and Ahly in this competition, with Ahly holding an advantage having won four while Sundowns has a single victory. They first met in the 2001 final, with the first leg taking place on 8 December 2001 in South Africa. Sundowns scored via Gift Kapamba but Ahly scored the most important goal to go away to Cairo. The Club of Century won 1-0 (2-1 on aggregate) to win their third Champions League. But Sundowns thumped Ahly 5-0 in the quarter finals in 2019 in Pretoria, which was the biggest loss for the Egyptian in this competition when Mosimane was in charge of Sundowns. The second leg ended 1-1 in Egypt to see Sundowns progress to the semi finals. But Ahly got the revenge in the same stage last year, beating Mosimane's Sundowns 3-1 (on aggregate). The former Bafana Bafana coach then took over for Ahly in the semi finals and won the competition for the club. Sundowns will be seeking their first ever win against Ahly in Egypt and coach Manqoba Mngqithi said that is what they intend to do.“We are not coming here for ball position, we are not coming for a draw, but we are coming here to try and win the match,” said Mngqithi.