AKA’s much-anticipated interview with news anchor Thembekile Mrototo where he was supposed to spill the beans about his relationship with his late fiancée Anele Tembe left Mzansi disappointed. The video of the interview which trended hours before its premiere under the hashtag ‘AkaKhulume’ on social media, did not have any sound, only the presenter was audible. Mzansi could not make out what AKA, whose real name is Kiernan Forbes, was saying. Mzansi took to social media to express their disappointment as they were looking forward to the interview. Thembekile, who is best known for anchoring Enca’s current affairs programmes, said the team is working on it and hopefully it would be sorted soon. Barleader TV owner legend Manqele said the wrong video was uploaded and the correct one would be uploaded soon. “We are uploading a new video with better sound. The wrong file was uploaded. Apologies,” he said. The interview comes a month after his fiancée, affectionately known as Nelli, fell of a hotel building in Cape Town. Since then the award-winning rapper was followed by a series of accusations which he is set to clear out on the tell-all interview.  ALSO READ | AKA TO SPILL THE BEANS IN TELL-ALL INTERVIEW Over a week ago, when reports of abuse surfaced, the rapper released a statement saying he will soon share his side of the story in a sincere and honest manner. “Which will afford me the greatest of respect to the relationship I shared with Anele and both our families. I am not perfect, she was not without her flaws. But I am not what events of the last few days have painted me to be. We were in love and had committed to each other.’’ He also took a step back from several scheduled performances and his duties as a brand partner with Cruz Vodka. “Having had time to reflect on the past few days, I have engaged with my business partners and I feel that it is best that I temporarily step back from my duties with Cruz Vodka as I need this time to focus on the way forward and deal with my personal matter. “I have done this for the sake of Anele’s memory which will forever be entrenched in my heart, our families and my fans. I am grateful to my business partners at Cruz Vodka for all their support and understanding of this decision to give me time. Daily I wake up to the reality that the person I was building a future with, is no more, the pain is unbearable. With God’s grace I will remain strong and pick up the pieces,” he said.   