If Springbok fans have one concern ahead of the upcoming British and Irish Lions series, it is that team have not taken to the field since their World Cup winning feat in November 2019. But while that remains a concern, SA Rugby’s Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus has moved to negate that worry, and believes that the Boks will be much more competitive than many think when they take the field in the test series. If there is one coach that “thinks outside the Box” it is Erasmus, and the Springbok brainstrust has been hard at work to ensure that they have no disadvantage even though they haven’t played a test match for more than a year. Erasmus believes the Bok brand, the fact that most of the team are still around from the World Cup and the fact that they have a common bond will make it easy for them to get together and move forward without too many hiccups. “It’s a valid question and we have been thinking a lot about that. We have discussed it a lot. Of the 33 man squad, three have retired, at the World Cup and together for 22 weeks prior to the tournament, all 30 are currently available or not ruled out of selection,” Erasmus said. “So the guys are familiar with each other. The British and Irish Lions haven’t played together (at all) since their last test match together. They also have that same sort of disadvantage as us. We last played in 2019, so more recently than them. And we are all from the one country, we are all South Africans, we know each other. “So, yes, it is a challenge, and yes we haven’t played a lot together (of late) but we are almost in the same boat as the Lions where they have to put four countries together with four different game plans, styles and cultures, mindsets whereas we have one, South Africa, and we have had time together and most of that squad are available. “It would have been good to play last year but we see it as even par with the Lions. So it’s not ideal but it’s not the end of the world.” Erasmus was happy that the Springboks playing overseas - the “big dogs” are all in exceptional form right now and plans to hone in on that when they all get together. The overseas contingent will form a massive part of the Bok plans going into the test series. “Luckily me and Jacques have been working together since 1992 so that has helped a lot. We haven’t had the advantage of playing in Six Nations and those kind of things to see our players in those top class competitions. I must say the advantage we do have, for the first time probably as a result of our currency being weak, is our players playing all over the world,” Erasmus said. “We are lucky there are a lot of guys playing at Sale in the Premiership, we are lucky there are a lot of guys playing in Japan in the Top League, a lot of our guys were involved in the Top 14, Damien is doing really well at Munster in the Pro14. “The nice thing is that our old dogs, our big dogs, our guys who were mostly involved in the World Cup and who got better offers overseas are playing consistently and against the British and Irish Lions. The nice thing is those guys are in form and on top of the game. And we have our local boys who have been playing trials every week for a year and a half, just playing against each other.” Erasmus said that using assistant coach Felix Jones and new conditioning coach - ex Saracens conditioning coach Andy Edwards - to help facilitate their plans has been a success. “In terms of the planning with that, having Felix in Dublin and having Andy in London with the overseas-based players there has helped. They have visited all those guys. “But not being able to sit there with the guys, see the reaction when you make a plan or a suggestion, that is missing. You miss seeing, ‘OK, are those boys buying into what we are saying?’ It did happen here in SA and Felix and Andy got it on that side but it is a drawback. “I guess Warren had more or less the same complications with him being signed in New Zealand for three years and only recently mixing with guys on the other side. But it hasn’t been easy to overcome.” Either way Erasmus and Nienaber know what they need to do, and have made plans. The proof will be in the pudding, as they say, when the tests kick off late in July. -supersport.com