THE Gauteng Traffic Police is warning motorists against criminals who continue to place spikes on public roads. Spokesman Sello Maremane said criminals were doing this to rob motorists. He said Gauteng Traffic Police had recently noted a rise in such incidents. “Hard objects were thrown from overhead bridges, resulting in motorists losing control and getting involved in unnecessary accidents. They were then robbed of their belongings.” He said the identified hot-spots were N4 Mpumalanga to Pretoria between Solomon Mahlangu and Watermeyer off-ramp as well as N4 Pretoria to Mpumalanga between Bronkhorstspruit and Balmoral off-ramp. Others were N1 Polokwane N4 Mpumalanga interchange in Pretoria, N4 to Rustenburg between R80 Mabopane Freeway and Brits plaza tollgate, Golden Highway and R21 Freeway from OR Tambo International Airport to Pretoria. “The modus operandi is that these criminals move from one area to the next, where roads are quiet, to rob motorists of cash and other belongings. These incidents happen especially on Friday evenings and throughout the weekend between 6pm and 4am,” he said. Gauteng Traffic Police gave safety tips to motorists to never stop their vehicles if they had a puncture while spiked. Instead, drive slowly to the nearest garage while contacting Gauteng Traffic Police. If you are stopped by a traffic officer, demand to see their appointment certificate to verify if they are employed by the relevant authority. In case the officer failed to produce their certificate, Maremane advised that you take down the registration number and report them to the nearest police station. If your vehicle had a complete break down, remain inside your car locked while seeking assistance. He added that motorists should not allow anyone to tow their car without written permission. And should one realise that another motorist has been spiked, stop and help. “The placing of spikes has resulted in many road users being involved in unwarranted accidents and some even losing their lives. Gauteng Traffic Police will continue to conduct law enforcement operations on major routes and freeways to ensure that anyone found doing this is apprehended to face the law,” said Maremane. He urged motorists to be vigilant and report any suspicious movements to Gauteng Traffic Police on 011 689 3712 or 011 689 3999 and Crime Stop at 0800 10111.