EIGHT suspects were nabbed in connection with courier robberies in the West Rand. According to SAPS spokesman Captain Kay Makhubele, police were notified about a robbery that had just taken place in Rustenburg. They then drove towards the Krugersdorp area. He said the serious and violent crimes, rapid response services and other law enforcement agencies were deployed in search of the suspects. “A Quantum, Ford Ranger, Iveco and Lexus, with an unknown number of suspects that matched the description of the getaway cars, were spotted and police tried to stop them,” said Makhubele. When the suspects realised the police were on to them, they sped off in different directions and a high-speed chase ensued. It was followed by a shoot-out after the suspects started firing shots at police. “Six suspects were arrested in the Quantum, one in the Iveco and one in the Ford Ranger. The Lexus was found abandoned with a pistol inside. Police also recovered goods reported stolen during the armed robbery of the courier vehicle. No one was reported injured during the shoot-out,” he said. He added that in total, eight suspects were arrested and three unlicensed rifles as well as a pistol were recovered. Makhubele said four stolen vehicles and suspected stolen property were also found soon after a courier vehicle was robbed at Rustenburg on Wednesday. “A manhunt is underway for the suspect still at large,” he said. Meanwhile in Germiston, police patrolling in the area suspected a Quantum with eight occupants and stopped it. Makhubele said upon searching, three unlicensed firearms were recovered and all occupants were arrested. “The suspects will be charged with armed robbery, possession of unlicensed firearm, attempted murder as well as possession of stolen property and negligent driving. They will be profiled to determine if they are not linked to other crimes, especially the robbery of courier vehicles,” said Makhubele. Gauteng Police Commissioner Lieutenant General Elias Mawela commended the units for the swift response that led to the arrest of the suspects in the West Rand and Ekurhuleni.