ACTION SA leader Herman Mashaba said his party will not be
silenced and will expose the broken political system in Mzansi. This comes after Mashaba alleges his party has been blocked
at every turn in its attempts to flight a seemingly controversial billboard
exposing the shortcomings of the political system, by highlighting the calibre
of individuals chosen as public representatives by established political
parties. Daily Sun has seen screengrabs between the party and the
suppliers whereby they indicated that media owners will not flight the
billboard for fear of a backlash. “The aim of the billboard was not to target the individuals
featured on our billboard, but rather to expose a political system that results
in the selection of compromised candidates by political parties to serve in
some of the highest public offices in the land,” said Mashaba. He said this system served political parties instead of
serving citizens. “We will not be silenced. We will not be deterred in our
attempts to give a voice to good, hard-working, law-abiding, family-oriented
and freedom-loving people of our beloved country. We will not allow the silent
majority of good South Africans to be drowned out by the selfish, the criminal
and the corrupt,” he said. “We remain resolute that this silent majority must reclaim
their political power from those who seek to hold us back from building an
inclusive and prosperous future.” Tshepo Matsena, who is the managing director at Reputation
1st, an image consultancy said: “On the matter regarding the party’s intent to
advertise or promote their campaign, I presume for local government elections
and for them to use photos of individuals, they will need to get the consent of
the individuals as in the context of a model because there is a difference
between public relations and advertising.” He said the problem Action SA would face might also include
the issue of comparative advertising, which is not allowed in the country. “They can, however, say my product is above par compared to
the market. We have seen political parties, even some brands in the past, going
all out to promote a certain message that they know that the advertising
authorities would not approve over the weekend so that on Monday they have
already said what they wanted to say, and they are willing to pay the
penalties,” he said. “But the instance of billboards, the media owners cannot
make an argument that they cannot give clients advertising space because they
foresee vandalism of their property. For them to anticipate vandalism, they
have to give facts regarding the full context of the message. So both parties
are not making absolute sense when it comes to advertising to prospective
voters.”