The government's vaccination drive has been warmly welcomed
by some older residents in Gauteng. Pensioners expressed their desire to News24 to get the
Johnson & Johnson vaccine, saying their main objective was to be safe and
stay alive. Vaccination of pensioners in the province is expected to
begin on Monday. Petrus Ntholeng, 71, and his wife Maria, 66, are among those
who want to be vaccinated as soon as the process starts, but they still need to
register. "Friends and relatives have told us that registration
has begun. We are waiting for messages on our phones to tell us where and how
we must register. "Government must explain in details where we must
register. I went to a local clinic asking about the vaccine, and nurses
couldn't explain where we must register," Petrus said. Maria said: "We have been informed that pensioners are
the most vulnerable victims of the virus. We have been warned not to attend
parties, funerals and other gatherings where people flock in large numbers. "We are fully aware of the impacts of Covid-19. It is a
deadly disease and can only be minimised through vaccination. Winter has
arrived, and the virus is going to be more deadly. We want the vaccine before
it is too late." Themba Langa, 69, has registered to be vaccinated at home. "Coronavirus kills. I am afraid of it. I am happy that
I have registered. I am waiting for the date to vaccinate. We need to be extra
cautious about the virus and avoid places we frequent to prevent it from
spreading. "I want to vaccinate as soon as possible because it is
already winter, and we have been told that the virus spreads faster in cold
conditions. As a pensioner, I try to avoid crowded areas. My main worry is
travelling in a minibus taxi. "There is no social distancing inside a taxi. We are
squeezed close to each other, with some passengers sneezing and coughing. As a
person who uses public transport, I want to be vaccinated before the third wave
arrives in the country," Langa said. Malehlonolo Modisane, 65, has also registered and is
awaiting a vaccination date. Modisane's children have assisted her in registering online. "After registering online, I encouraged my neighbours
to register and am glad that we have registered. We are ready for the vaccine.
Those who are sceptical about vaccination will be in trouble once the third
wave starts wreaking havoc. "I encourage all elderly citizens in the country to
register for vaccination. No vaccine will kill people. People must not panic
because the government will never kill us with their vaccine. Not everybody who
will receive the Johnson & Johnson vaccine will have blood clots,"
Modisane said. Another pensioner, Mina Kheswa, 64, has received
acknowledgement of her online application. "I am taking care of my health. I don't want to die
now. I am looking after myself to see many more years that God has prepared for
me. As a person who is on the waiting list, I encourage many others to join us
and be protected against the virus," Kheswa said. Although Lucy Sewape, 66, wishes to be vaccinated, she is
sceptical about being injected and wished there was an alternative for those
who had a phobia of needles. "I am afraid of needles. I want to be vaccinated,
although I have not registered. I don't know where and when people would be
registered. I plead with the government to inform us about the vaccination
process," Sewape said. SOURCE: NEWS24 https://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/covid-19-gauteng-pensioners-say-they-are-ready-to-be-vaccinated-20210513