A woman was
arrested on Thursday after her bogus hijacking video went viral in Mzansi on
Wednesday night. It has
emerged that the woman was arrested for perjury, defeating the ends of justice
and fraud. This after
she reported a false hijacking and kidnapping case at the Protea Glen police
station in Soweto. Police
spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said in her statement given under oath to the
police, the suspect described how on Wednesday evening, her car was taken by
unknown men in Mohlakeng, Randfontein. She alleged
that they put her inside the boot and drove around with her for the better part
of the evening. “A team
under the leadership of West Rand District Commissioner Major General Fred
Kekana, comprising of senior detectives, members of
crime intelligence and other police response units, that worked throughout the
night to locate the "hijacked woman" swiftly established
discrepancies in the supposed victim's statement. It emerged
on a further probe that the said hijacking and kidnapping report was false, and
this was subsequently verified by the woman's confession that she was never
kidnapped,” Masondo said. Masondo
said the cops confiscated the car of the suspect that she alleged was hijacked
and her two cellphones, including the one she claimed was taken by the
"hijackers". She is
expected to appear before the Protea Magistrate Court on Friday. Gauteng
Police Commissioner, Lieutenant General Elias Mawela welcomed the arrest and
commended the arresting and investigating teams who through paying attention to
detail, were able to swiftly poke holes in the woman's false report. "While
at this stage the motive behind this alleged fabrication is unclear, this is
something that should be condemned as mischievous and malicious given the time
and resources that were promptly deployed as soon as police learnt of this
supposed hijacking and kidnapping.” Mawela
cautioned the public to refrain from reporting false cases pushing police to
deploy resources that should rather be channelled at combating genuine serious
and violent crimes.