IT’S been over a month since controversial rapper AKA’s life was turned upside down after his fiancee Anele “Nelli” Tembe fell to her death at the Pepper Club Hotel in Cape Town. Since then, the award-winning musician whose real name is Kiernan Forbes has been followed by a series of accusations. Now, he is ready to tell his story through an interview with radio and TV presenter Thembekile Mrototo. Mrototo is a seasoned journalist who works for 94.7 and eNCA. The production behind the tell all-interview is Barleader, owned by Legend Manqele who has produced reality shows for Bonang Matheba, Kelly Khumalo and Somizi Mhlongo. One of the clips of the intense interview has already been shared online by various online platforms. The much-anticipated interview is set to air on Saturday, 22 May at 7pm on The BarLeader TV’s YouTube page. In the video, AKA can be heard asking: “Detectives flying up from Cape Town to interview Zinhle. Why? What is the directions of this inquest?” ALSO READ: BREAKING: AKA OFFICIALLY TAKES A STEP BACK! Over a week ago, he released a statement after reports of alleged abuses surfaced. AKA said: “I will share my side of the story in a sincere and honest manner, which will afford me the greatest of respect to the relationship I shared with Anele and both our families. I am not perfect, she was not without her flaws. But I’m not what events of the last few days have painted me to be. We were in love and had committed to each other.’’ He also took a step back from several scheduled performances and his duties as a brand partner with Cruz Vodka. “Having had time to reflect on the past few days, I have engaged with my business partners and I feel that it is best that I temporarily step back from my duties with Cruz Vodka as I need this time to focus on the way forward and deal with my personal matter. “I have done this for the sake of Anele’s memory which will forever be entrenched in my heart, our families and my fans. I am grateful to my business partners at Cruz Vodka for all their support and understanding of this decision to give me time. Daily I wake up to the reality that the person I was building a future with is no more, the pain is unbearable. With God’s grace I will remain strong and pick up the pieces,” he said.