HUGO Broos has revealed who he will rely on for assistance in the dugout when he begins his duties as new Bafana Bafana coach. The Belgian was announced as Molefi Ntseki's successor last week after agreeing on terms with the South African Football Association (Safa), making him the man responsible for the rebuilding project. He will be expected to turn things around for Bafana after they disappointed the nation in their failure to qualify for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon). Broos and his technical team will be expected to improve the situation and qualify Mzansi for the next major tournaments. The 69-year-old Broos chosen close friend and Olympiakos Nicosia coach Cedomir Janevski as his first assistant. He revealed that discussions are still ongoing regarding his second assistant, who will be a local. Broos will miss Bafana’s two friendly matches in June as he heads back to Belgium to receive his second Covid-19 vaccination. The 2017 Afcon winning coach is under has enough time on his hands after the Confederation of African Football (CAF) decided to postpone the June World Cup qualifiers until September. Bafana are in Group G alongside Zimbabwe, Ethiopia and Ghana. "The Belgian assistant is still in Cyprus with his team playing in a cup final,” said Broos. “He is from Macedonia but he spent a lot of time in Belgium. He speaks a lot of languages including French, English and Belgian. "I must admit that he is also a good friend of mine and experienced coach. We will work well together and I am happy that Safa agreed for me to bring him over. “There are still discussions ongoing and the announcement will be made on the South African assistant. The reason why I wanted a South African assistant as well is because he will be helpful in first few weeks. "He knows South African football, the culture and all the players. I know African football but not South African football. "I will also share my experience with this coach, there will be a good connection between Bafana Bafana and all the youth teams. I think its very important to have a bigger view of what happens beneath Bafana so I can follow that and choose the best young players."