WHEN they met in January last year, they agreed to have a no-strings attached relationship. And things between the woman and her Ben 10 were great for a while. everything went sideways when the 28-year-old Ben 10 admitted he had feelings for her and wanted more. She wasn’t interested so the love-struck young man decided to give her korobela. The woman (48) from Mofolo in Soweto tried to get rid of the korobela but failed. She told Daily Sun she and the Ben 10 spent a lot of time together. They were both single. “I gave him money while he provided me with a good poke,” she said. But in January the Ben 10 started telling her he’d caught feelings and couldn’t pretend anymore. “I’ve been very unlucky in relationships, so I wasn’t open to having a relationship with him, especially as he’s almost half my age,” said the sugar mama. “I dismissed this and asked him to never say it again. I even threatened to dump him.” The woman said the Ben 10 stopped but she started having feelings for him around April. “He’s not even my type, so I immediately got worried. I told my best friend, a sangoma, about him. “My friend told me he’d given me korobela and suggested we go to another sangoma to confirm it,” she said. The other sangoma confirmed she was indeed given korobela and gave her muthi to drink. But the muthi didn’t work. “I was fuming. I called the Ben 10 and he told me to calm down and that everything will be okay,” she said. ALSO READ: LONELY MAKHI WANTS TLOF TLOF! The friend (47) said she saw the Ben 10 put korobela when he cooked dinner for them. But she’d drunk a lot of wine and didn’t realise the man didn’t eat that day. “I warned her about that boy. I don’t like him and see what he’s done to my friend. I’ll wait for her permission to deal with him,” said the friend. The Ben 10, an IT graduate, admitted to giving the woman korobela. “It was about money at first, but I caught feelings for her,” he said. ALSO READ: SKEEM SAAM’S BIG SHOCKING SECRET REVEALED! “I want to show her I can be a good man to her. She deserves it. I hope she realises I’m not trying to hurt her.” He said he wasn’t even interested in girls his age. Sangoma Josephine Mwelase from Benoni said she’d never dealt with such stubborn korobela. “She’s going to need urgent help because she’s already drank some things which should have been out of her system by now,” said Josephine.  