DESPITE the defiant posture of suspended ANC secretary general Ace Magashule, the party remains optimistic that he will toe the party line and apologize for his wayward behavior that led him to slap President Cyril Ramaphosa with a suspension. This was the hope articulated by deputy secretary general Jessie Duarte when briefing the media at a post special national executive committee meeting at the weekend. Duarte repeated the confirmed suspension of Magashule and that she would now be performing the duties and responsibilities of that office. “With great sadness we had to agree to a temporary suspension and I want to really emphasize this word temporary suspension of the Secretary General of the ANC. And the suspension will be reviewed from time to time, but it is entirely dependent on the court case that the SG is facing. “We're confident that the SG will rise to the occasion and that he will follow the dictates of the ANC constitution,” she said. Duarte also said it was never really only about Magashule and pointed out that there were number of other people in provinces who had been temporarily suspended as well as a national disciplinary committee member who suffered the same fate. She said it was unfortunate that the suspension has only been focusing on Magashule. Duarte also cleared here function following the suspension of her senior. “I want to make it very clear, I am not the Secretary General of the ANC, nor am I an Acting Secretary General of the ANC. I'm the Deputy Secretary General of the ANC, carrying out the functions as prescribed in rule 16.9 of the close of the AMC the Secretary General is temporarily suspended until the matters of his court case come to finality. “I hope we all can understand that because I've also listened to the media narrative that is rolling, and it's it's a very disempowering narrative, if I may say so,” she said. Duarte said indicated that the suspended members will continue drawing salaries as the step aside was not hell bent on depriving them of their livelihoods. Rather, they are simply asked not to carry out their duties or represent the organization publicly or in any other form. They are also not permitted to engage or mobilize in the party’s structures during that period.