POLICE killing is a big problem in the country. In KZN alone, a total of 17 cops were killed this year. Out of these cops, three were killed off-duty while the rest were on duty. This was revealed by Police Minister Bheki Cele, adding that this was clearly a war aimed at cops. Cele was speaking at the home of killed acting station commander Colonel Jabulani Ndawonde (56) in Ndwedwe, northern KZN on Thursday, 27 May. Ndawonde was gunned down while returning from work on Monday night. Cele said he visited the station where he worked to see how his colleagues were coping and to encourage them after his death. “I also went to the crime scene. Clearly somebody wanted him dead as 15 bullets were found on his body. The question now is: why was he killed?” said Cele. ALSO READ: BAIL BID POSTPONED IN SAMWU MURDER CASE! He said that no arrest has been made, but there was a lead. He also said Ndawonde would be given a state funeral. Popcru’s national gender coordinator Greta Govender said the issue of police killing was one of the challenges they were facing. She said that they were saddened by these killings. “The other issue is that there’s a shortage of manpower. A lot of officers died due to Covid-19 and were not replaced,” she said. The dead cop’s brother, Sanele Ndawonde (39), said they were hopeful the suspects will soon be caught and arrested. He said the minister’s visit gave them hope that the case will be dealt with swiftly. “My brother’s death was planned. It’s clear that these people wanted him dead and they followed him to finish him off. He loved his job and was dedicated. He hated crime and made sure that criminals were caught and arrested,” he said. Ndawonde, who was married with five children, will be buried at his home on Saturday, 28 May. Meanwhile, national police commissioner General Khehla John Sitole directed the immediate mobilisation of the 72-hour activation plan following the killing. Police appealed to anyone with information to contact CrimeStop at 08600 10111 or send information via MySAPS App.