ORLANDO Pirates face one of the mightiest of all tasks when they host Raja Casablanca in the first leg of the Caf Confederation Cup quarter final at Orlando Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Raja was ruthless during the group stages in the second tier club competition in Africa. The North Africa side produced a flawless display in the group stages, winning all six games to finish on 18 points. Pirates, this is not the team they will want to face right now, with the Moroccan side scoring 13 goals in the process without conceding. On the other hand, Pirates, who were tipped to challenge Mamelodi Sundowns for this season’s DStv Premiership considering the investment was made during the off season but lost their way, huffed and puffed during the group stages. They almost missed out, as they finished second behind Nigerian side Enyimba (who had a better head to head) with nine points after nine games, one point ahead of ES Setif, who finished third on eight points. However, Pirates, the losing finalists in this cup 2013, if they aim to go further and build something at home, will have to improve against the Moroccan giants. Bucs coach Josez Zinnbauer admitted that his side were not good enough in their last match against Stellenbosch FC and they will need to do better if they want to get something out of the flawless Moroccans giants. “The players know this themselves — this was not enough today. We lost two points. We want to go a step higher‚ to the higher places on the table,” said Zinnbauer. Raja should be encouraged entering Mzansi’s shores. Their last game in South Africa, they went home smiling. They beat Pirates' rivals Kaizer Chiefs in the Champions League second round in 2015 (3-1 on aggregate) to progress to the group stages. They also won the Confed in 2018 and also the Caf Super Cup in 2019. With three Champions League titles, though they last won it in 1999, are still recognised as the big side on the continent. But Zinnbauer, who said their performances against Stellies played on the players’ minds ahead of Raja's, has complete trust that they will turn up on Sunday. “We have a big game on Sunday‚ and maybe the players’ heads were also on Sunday,” said the German-born coach. “But that’s not the right way — we are supposed to first play this game and then concentrate on the Sunday game.”