MARITZBURG United took a giant step towards saving their DStv premiership status on Wednesday afternoon. The Team of Choice edged Golden Arrows 3-2 in a five goals thriller at Harry Gwala Stadium to move to position 10 with 28 points. In another relegation scrap, Chippa United were held to a goalless draw by Black Leopards in a bottom table clash at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth. With these results, the fight for survival is set to intensify in the season's final matches. The six bottom teams have three games remaining, and it is just nine points that separate them. Undoubtedly this is a sign that we are set for a dramatic relegation finale. Thabiso Kutumela and Tebogo Tlolane played sterling roles in ensuring that Maritzburg got maximum points in their seventh victory of the season. Tlolane scored an early goal in the 15th minute of the match to set the tone of the encounter. It was an exciting encounter between the two sides, with the game swinging to both halves like a pendulum. They went to the half-time break with Maritzburg on the lead. In the second half, Maritzburg continued pressing, and it paid off when Kutumela scored the second goal to make it 2-0in the 58th minute. However, Arrows pulled one back a minute later through Michael Gumede. The combination of Tlolane and Kutumela proved to be essential for The Team of Choice, not only against Arrows, but they have been the workaholics in ensuring Maritzburg dodge the dreaded axe. Kutumela, who has now 12 goals this season, assisted Bongokuhle Hlongwane on the 62nd minute to make it 3-1. Maritzburg were in control for the better part of the match. Nazeer Allie was caught off guard when the ball touched his hand in the 18 area, and Arrows were given a penalty, and Nduduzo Sibiya made no mistake as he converted to make it 3-2. Arrows nearly snatched a point in the 86th minute when Nkosinathi Sibisi's glancing header missed the target by inches. Arrows remain in the third position on the log, and their chances of chasing Sundowns and AmaZulu seem to be fading. 