A win for GladAfrica Championship log leaders Royal Am and a loss for second-placed Richards Bay FC will see Andile Mpisane’s club clinch the promotion to the PSL top flight next season. With two games left, Am captain Samuel Manganyi has vowed to go all out and win these two matches, starting against the University of Pretoria at Tuks Stadium on Sunday. Am are at the top of the GAC table on 47 points after 28 games, two points clear of second-placed Natal Rich Boyz. Am took a step closer to the DStv Premiership promotion after beating their promotion challengers TS Sporting at Chatsworth Stadium last weekend. They remained top after getting a huge favour from JDR Stars, who stunned faltering Richards Bay, who lost 2-1 which was their second loss on the bounce for the KwaZulu-Natal side. This means the Natal Rich Boyz couldn’t reclaim their top spot, and this allowed Am, who were formed by reality TV star Shawn Mkhize who bought the status of Real Kings for her son, Andile Mpisane. “The way we have been playing and the position we are currently in, we have been working hard and it has paid off,” said Manganyi. “While still have two vital games left to play, we have to win them all and forget about who is behind us.” If they do, MaMkhize, formerly married to ex-husband Sbu Mpisane, will have finally achieved what she has been looking for since 2014. Sbu and Shauwn bought the status of Sivutsa Stars then to form Royal Eagles. However, while they were battling at the court to conclude their separation, Eagles were relegated to ABC Motsepe League last season after finishing at the bottom. She had walked away from the club at the beginning of last term after Eagles could not get the promotion to the PSL at the end of the 2018-19 season via the playoffs. As part of their agreement, MaMkhize took 50 per cent of her players to loan them to Kings last season, before buying the club this season. When she unveiled Am at the Royal Ranch in Pietermaritzburg in October last year, the club state of the art clubhouse, MaMkhize and her CEO Sinky Mnisi vowed to take them to the PSL promotion. “If we do well and win these two games, we will be promoted,” added Manganyi whose club's last game will be against Cape Town All Stars on 23 May at Chatsworth Stadium.