THE protection of former minister Malusi Gigaba’s wife Norma Mngoma became a sticky issue at the Inquiry into State Capture. This came after both the commission and Norma were not willing to take responsibility for why it was not effected. The squaring off between Norma and evidence leader Advocate Anton Myburgh on the matter follows the proceedings coming to an abrupt end on Thursday, 20 May, after the commission was alerted to what was termed a serious security threat. Shortly after that Norma was seen being escorted by various police vehicles. Earlier on Thursday she had complained bitterly about how the commission had not taken her security concerns seriously. But Myburgh on Friday during her last day of testimony put it to her that in various meetings between her lawyers and the commission security personnel, she had been advised that she would need to choose which type of security she would prefer. She, on the other hand, kept insisting she had all this time been waiting for the commission to tell her which type of security they had decided on. Norma acknowledged the various meetings which were cited by Myburgh but stood her ground that she had no way of knowing she was to decide which type of security was suitable for her. “In the beginning, they asked me if I need security and I said no because there was nothing that will make me want security. When I wanted security I told them when I needed it and they said they would contact me and they didn’t. “I can confirm the meeting took place but it was the security who was going to contact me, not the other way around. He said he was going to talk to his head of security and the head of security will call me but the head of security didn’t call,” Norma testified, disputing an affidavit of commission security personnel Sakhile Masuku. She claimed not to remember when, during her previous appearances, Myburgh had placed on record that Masuku was waiting for her to call him and inform him which security detail she preferred. It went back and forth for few minutes where Norma and Myburgh were evidently talking past each other. This led to commission chairman deputy chief Justice Raymond Zondo intervening and clarifying it for Norma. “I remember him asking me that. But there was no way where I knew I have to tell them which option am I choosing because I thought the commission was going to call me to say this and this, which one are you choosing. “So, they were waiting for me and I was waiting for them,” she said. She’ll be back in the hot heat to be cross-examined by the lawyers of her husband after he was granted leave to do so.