THE Vhembe District Municipality could be WITHOUT a Premier Soccer Club (PSL) after 5 June. Black Leopards are on the verge of being relegated to the GladAfrica Championship while Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) have relocated to Polokwane and will be changing its Venda name. This will be a massive setback for the district that has had two PSL clubs, but within a blink of eye all that will within weeks vanish, unless if Leopards pull their magic wand and remain in the money-spinning league. More worried is former Leopards coach and goalkeeper Joel Masutha. "This will be sad if Lidoda Duvha were to be relegated," said Masutha, who is now coaching championship side Pretoria Callies. “It will be a huge setback for the people of Venda. I spent almost 16 years at Leopards and they are my home team. It will be sad for me to see them going down. I would have loved for them to remain in the top flight, as Venda people love football. Now it is a matter of wait and see what will happen in the PSL, with three remaining matches for the team that are fighting relegation.” Leopards host Kaizer Chiefs in their next league game at Thohoyandou Stadium next week Wednesday (3pm). Last month, Leopards gave Masutha a coaching offer but the Madzhatsha-born mentor turned them down. Now Leopards have put their trust on their assistant coach Morgan Shivambu after they fired Lehlohonolo Seema last week. Last season, Shivambu rescued Leopards' PSL status through the promotional play-offs after they ended the season 14th on the log. In fact, for the past three seasons, Leopards have been surviving through the skin of their teeth. “I think it is going to be tough for Shivambu this time,” said Masutha, who worked with the 38-year-old as his assistant three years ago. “He (Shivambu) did a great job last season in the play-offs. But things look different now. I think they will also be hoping for a miracle. But anything is possible in football. In football you don’t give up until it’s over. I wish them all the best of luck.”