THE Carling Black Label Cup will be back this year after it was not played in 2020 due to the Coronavirus. The pre-season Cup competition between Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates is set to be played on 31 July. For the first time since its inception, the game will be played at night (8pm). It will be the first time supporters are not in the stadium, as it was confirmed that the game will be played in an empty FNB Stadium. As usual, the fans of both clubs will be allowed to vote for the starting line-up, with an opportunity to choose which formations both sides use on the day, as part of the game changers announced by Carling Black Label. Some game changers include choosing the captain, picking who takes the first penalty, should it go to a shootout, making live substitutions on the day, as well as the selection of the Man of the Match. For the 2021 edition fans have been challenged to ‘change the game’ by experiencing ‘your game, your way. Carling Black Label brand director, Arné Rust said this year they will be putting the power in the very capable hands of Champion fans. "Supporters of Kaizer Chiefsand Orlando Pirates will select their starting line-up as well as new & exciting game-changers which will certainly amplify their match day experience," Rust said. "What will really set this year’s Cup apart from previous years is that fans will have access to all the game-changers, giving fans even more power and control of the game.” "In addition to selecting the starting line-ups, fans can select the formation they would like the team to play in, their preferred captain, penalty takers, substitutes as well as the man of the match. To further elevate the fan experience, Champion fans will now have access top layer performance statistics, rich data and insights on the two teams, made available on the Carling Black Label Cup website. "With this kind of knowledge, the brand believes fans will make more informed decisions when selecting their preferred match day squads essentially empowering every one of them to ‘Be the Coach,” Rust added.