FORMER Transnet CFO Anoj Singh has justified the R3,5 billion paid to Gupta-linked companies during the alleged state capture. He said although some money was lost, there was added value to the state-owned company. Appearing at the Zondo Commission on Thursday, 27 May, Singh admitted that most of the transactions happened under his watch. He played an instrumental role in bringing in McKinsey when Transnet was buying 1 064 locomotives. McKinsey partnered with Gupta-associated Regiments. Evidence leader Anton Myburgh put it to Singh that every time McKinsey met with him, Regiments was present. ALSO READ: RAPED BOY’S
SAD LETTER! He asked him if he was aware that every R1 Regiments billed, 50 cents went to Gupta lieutenant Salim Essa. “I was not aware,” said Singh, adding the news was shocking. Myburgh wanted to know if the Guptas pulled off a heist regarding locomotives. “If those allegations are true, yes,” said Singh. He said he brought on McKinsey as transaction adviser because of its business expertise. But he denied that he was part of the Gupta agenda to loot Transnet. ALSO READ: LONELY MAKHI WANTS TLOF TLOF! “Is it your case that you were scammed by Essa and the Guptas? That they pulled one over you?” asked Myburgh. Singh responded: “From my perspective, we followed all the required procedures and policies, which as you will see when we go to transactions, resulted in justifiable expenditure. “There was added value. Work was performed and payments were made.” Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo wanted to know how one explained this massive looting in circumstances where there was a CFO who got involved in approving or recommending a lot of transactions. Zondo then said it was difficult to think about any scenario other than that Singh was party to the Guptas’ agenda, or so incompetent he couldn’t see what was happening. “It was not incompetence. If it was incompetency, I would assume (then CEO Brian) Molefe would have said that when he gave evidence,” said Singh. “That was not the case. These transactions were not approved by me alone. “I didn’t originate them alone, neither did I conclude them alone.”