PROFESSOR Zakes Mda (73) has been awarded with an honorary doctorate by the Durban University of Technology. Mda, a well known teacher, painter, filmmaker, musician, poet, novelist and the recipient of the Order of Ikhamanga in Silver in 2014 was honoured on Thursday, 27 May. DUT Chancellor, Nonkululeko Nyembezi said the degree is in recognition of Mda’s exceptional contribution and accomplishments in the world of arts. “We are pleased to be associated with such a literary giant and would like to welcome Professor Mda to the DUT family,” said Nyembezi said. Acting executive dean of the Faculty of Arts and Design, Professor Brian Pearce said Mda’s illustrious career has made him stand out among his peers. ALSO READ: IDOLS SA SNE REMEMBERS THE LATE ZULU KING “His work is an inspiration to many institutions all over the world and to everyone who has worked with him. DUT students shall draw much inspiration from his life as a literary giant, activist and academic,” said Pearce. Mda said he would have loved to be at the university in person. He said he had fond memories of the time he was invited to deliver a lecture on Ancient African Civilisations three years ago. “I’m pleased to announce that following that enthusiastic reception of DUT students, I decided to expand that lecture into a book which will be launched in July. The objective’s to explore that history of Africa, that African students are never taught. Even here in Africa, the history they’re taught begins with the coming of the white men, before that Africa is not supposed to have had any history.” Addressing students, Mda said: “It is our generation that is busy destroying South Africa but I hope the students’ generation will liberate this country. Young people have taken their lives into their own hands and are kicking open doors that were previously closed to us, without waiting from any mana from government heaven.” Mda was born in Herschel in the Eastern Cape but now lives in Ohio in the US where he has an arts studio. He hold a PhD from UCT. He also holds an MFA in Theatre and a Masters in Telecommunications from Ohio University.