THERE was
commotion in the Pretoria North Magistrates Court on Friday morning, 7 May. This comes
after EFF members forced entry into the gates of the court, demanding access to
the bail hearing of murder accused Leon Coetzee. The
55-year-old allegedly stabbed his neighbour, Thembinkosi Thabethe (43), to
death on 1 May. Coetzee
allegedly stabbed Thembinkosi multiple times with a knife over an alleged
confrontation about racist remarks in their estate’s WhatsApp group. According
to the state, Thabethe went to Coetzee’s house to confront his wife after a
screengrab of a message which mentioned him and was addressed to her was shared
in the estate’s WhatsApp group. Coetzee was
denied bail and his case was postponed to the 20 July for further
investigation. Coetzee’s
advocate, Werner Jungbluth, said he should be granted bail because he acted in
self-defence. “The
accused reiterated he acted in defence when he was attacked by a ‘large African
man’. The victim was aggressive and said he’ll kill him. Further, the accused
warned the victim he was armed when he was banging on his gate and the victim
launched the accused with a rock.” Family representative,
Musi Skhosana, said they are relieved the accused wasn’t released. “We are not
completely relieved because we still have to go to this gruesome trial. We are
anticipating more evidence that will be shocking to us,” he said. He said the
funeral will be on Saturday in Mpumalanga. “The family
is saddened, angry and in shock. We’re looking for answers on why in this day
and age when we thought things have normalised in the country then this
happens,” he said. Ncobile
Mhlongo, secretary of the EFF in Tshwane, said they wanted Coetzee to be denied
bail. “We are
here today to ensure this racist doesn’t get bail. “We are
here also to show the family the EFF is here to support them. We are here to
say black lives matter. “There can
never be a situation where a person gets killed like a dog in daylight and
nothing happens. We are demanding justice,” she said. 