BLACK Leopards interim coach Morgan Shivambu is positive that they still have a chance to survive relegation. Shivambu has targeted nine points in their remaining three games to give his side hope of retaining their PSL status. The struggling Leopards are rooted to the bottom of the DStv Premiership, with 19 points from 27 matches. And many have already written the Venda based-side off. Leopards returned to the top flight three seasons ago, but their form has been poor throughout. But Shivambu, who masterminded their survival by winning the promotion/relegation play-offs last season, has vowed that Lidoda Duvha will fight until the end. “It is not yet over for us as some people are saying,” said the 38-year-old former Leopards midfielder. “We still have nine points to play for and our goal is to fight for all of them. We have to believe in ourselves, not what other people are saying. “I am impressed with the atmosphere and commitment the boys are showing at training and it makes me positive ahead our last matches.” However, the Malamulele born-mentor , whom club chairman David Thidiela has put his trust on together with Mongezi Bobe, admitted that they are facing three tough matches but are ready to fight. Leopards have a tough task considering their remaining matches are against Kaizer Chiefs, Cape Town City and Bloemfontein Celtic. “To be honest, we are not thinking about relegation but the nine points,” he explained. “We are aware that some people have already relegated us to the GladAfrica Championship, but we still believe we can survive. We have done it before and we can do it again. “It is going to be tough but we won’t give up. The thing is that we still can make it to the promotional play-off spot.” Chippa United currently occupy 15th spot on the log with six points ahead of Leopards. And Shivambu and his lads will be hoping the Chilli Boys lose all their three matches, while the Venda based-side win theirs if they are to book a spot in the play-offs. Leopards host Chiefs in their next league encounter at Thohoyandou Stadium on Wednesday (3pm).