AUTHOR and Ukhozi FM playwright Muntomuhle Mcambi has penned Izibongo Zengonyama (praises of lions) for King Misuzulu Sinqobile kaZwelithini. The praises have been trending on Facebook since the announcement of the new king last week. He told Daily Sun he’d been following the royal house processes closely and somehow knew he’d be the next king. “I wrote Izibongo Zengonyamaafter the announcement of the king. What made the process easy was that I already had a feeling Prince Misuzulu would be appointed as king,” said Mcambi. “This is because his mother was from a royal family, which was the first clue. “Secondly, lobola for his mother was paid by the Zulu nation. And when I made my own research about him, a lot of things indicated he was to become the king.” ALSO READ | BIG ZULU'S BIG HEART! He said the fact that he has no wife, another requirement for a king, didn’t really bother him. “His mother, late Queen Mantfombi Dlamini from Eswatini Kingdom, was elected as the interim leader and was to hold that position until her son was married,” he said. “So when she died the royal house decided to ascend him to the throne in order to avoid conflict. I also looked at the fact that his mother wrote a will, nominating and appointing him as her successor. That was to clear the confusion.” He said it took him less than an hour to write Izibongo Zengonyama, and thereafter post them on Facebook. He was humbled that the royal house commended his work. ALSO READ | THA SIMELANE JOINS UZALO “I’ve received calls from the royal house, which was happy about Izibongo Zengonyama. I’m told that Ingonyama, as well as the entire household, are impressed with my work. I’m humbled by their gesture,” he said. Part of Izibongo Zengonyama reads: “IZulu elidume ngomnyama kwaKhangelamankengane. “Laduma sakuhalalisa sakungqongqoza emasangweni ezulu. Kwaye kwazamazama izikhonkwane kwelakwaNgwane. Kuhalaliswa ngezinyane leMbube elimise isizwe sikaPhunga noMageba ngethunzi.” Izibongo Zengonyama have also been played on various radio stations including Ukhozi FM and as a background on SABC1 news. A post shared by Muntomuhle Mcambi (@mntomuhle_mcambi) 