THE PSL has admited that the Sekhukhune United and Polokwane City case, which saw the arbitrator nullify the disciplinary committee (DC), has created confusion. Following Thursday's urgent national executive committee meeting, the PSL on Friday said it's  in the process of considering several options "and has been in communication with all clubs in this regard". The DC found City guilty of having trampled on the National Soccer League (NSL) rules by not having five Under-23 players in their match day squad for the GladAfrica Championship match against United. United lodged a protest and subsequent to that, the chairman of the DC found City guilty, of the match they won 1-0, and deducted three points from them. But United have argued that the points must be awarded to them for having honoured the fixture after they followed rules by lodging protest 15 minutes before match kick-off. They then appealed the matter through to the arbitrator who nullified the DC ruling and awarded United three points, with a scoreline of 3-0. In a statement on Friday, the league said the arbitration ruling has created "uncertainty in relation to the discretion afforded to the PSL DC to determine an appropriate sanction for acts of misconduct in each case". "It has always been the position that the PSL DC is required to consider the range of sanctions available for acts of misconduct and then exercise a discretion as to what the appropriate sanction should be in each case. "An urgent special meeting of the Exco was convened to consider the matter.  It is the view of the league that it is not correct, as the arbitration ruling holds, that the PSL DC is silent and that the DC had to impose a mandatory sanction under the Fifa DC Code. "The Fifa DC may only be reverted to when the PSL Handbook is silent on an issue. In this particular case, the PSL Handbook is not silent and provides the DC with the discretion to consider a range of sanctions." The matter has also affected Royal AM who were leading the Championship log with 50 points while United were second with 47. Now the three points awarded to United have put them level with Royal AM on points, but the former jumped to the top by virtue of difference. But the confirmed that Sunday last full round of Championship matches will continue as planned, kick off at 3pm.