TWICE, the boy was allegedly raped in the school toilets. Then a WhatsApp message from the tormented 14-year-old to his mum led to a teacher being arrested. The teacher was bust last Friday and appeared in court on Monday. The grade 10 pupil’s gogo said they were concerned when he refused to go to school when schools reopened. “He used to leave home to go to school but apparently never arrived. We received a letter telling us he was bunking,” she said. They were then called to the meeting with him so he could explain himself. “During the meeting he looked traumatised. You could see there was something bothering him, but he was afraid to speak.” They then went home and the boy wrote a message to his mum, revealing what had happened to him during the previous semester. The gogo showed the message to Daily Sun, saying the teacher grabbed him as he was going to throw away rubbish in the bin. He then took him to the toilets, undressed and allegedly raped him. He said after that the teacher got into his car and drove off, leaving him confused in the school toilets. Then the teacher did this for the second time weeks later. He was arrested after the message was taken to the police. “We were shocked and hurt. We want justice for my grandson,” she said, adding that he was receiving counselling. Captain Mpande Khoza confirmed that a rape case was opened. Spokesman for the Gauteng Department of Education Steve Mabona said they were aware of the incident. “An internal investigation was launched. The teacher is on precautionary suspension and was transferred to report to the district until the matter is finalised.” Captain Bernard Matimulane confirmed a rape case was opened, adding the suspect handed himself and appeared in court on Thursday, 27 May for bail application. The department said it had taken a tough stance on any abuse in schools. “We are fully behind the school’s decision to dismiss the teacher as it sends a strong message to everyone working with pupils never to use violence as discipline,” said Mabona.