ROYAL AM are just two matches away from reaching their ultimate goal. The KwaZulu Natal outfit have given themselves a massive chance to clinch the GladAfrica Championship title from under neighbours Richards Bay’s noses. The Natal Rich Boyz, as Richards Bay are affectionately known, seem to be losing their way at a crucial point of the season. And Royal AM are determined to pounce and grab the title and more importantly, promotion to the DStv Premiership. They need to win their remaining two matches to ensure that they can't be caught by any side in the Championship standings. The KZN side, however, could still clinch the title if they manage to grab four points from the six available, provided Richards Bay also drop points in the remaining two matches. But Royal AM will not want to leave anything to chance and will head into their penultimate clash against the University of Pretoria all guns blazing. The clash will take place at Tuks Stadium on Sunday (3pm).Richards Bay, on the other hand, will face Jomo Cosmos on the same day at Tsakane Stadium. Simo Dladla’s side has no room for error as they currently trail leaders Royal AM by two points. Their form has deserted them at the worst time with the finishing line in sight, making it an even tougher pill to swallow. Nevertheless, they will still believe that they can regain top spot given the unpredictable nature of the latter stages of the season. Sekhukhune United, who sit just below Royal AM and Richards Bay, can’t be ruled out of the race for the title. This as they are only three points off the pace with two matches remaining.But they can’t afford any mishaps from now until the end of the season to keep their slim hopes alive. They next face Polokwane City at Makhulong Stadium. The likes of TS Sporting and JDR Stars, have an outside chance of winning the title but a lot needs to go their way for that to happen. But they are well in the race for a potential promotion play-off spot currently occupied by Richards Bay and Sekhukhune. The drama is not only at the top of the Championship table, the relegation battle is also in full steam. Cape Town Spurs, who were fighting for promotion last season, are battling to avoid the dreaded drop to the ABC Motsepe League next season. They sit in 14th spot with 29 points from 28 matches, just one clear of Steenberg below them.