IT appears love does not live in Mzansi anymore, as more and more couples are getting divorced. Home Affairs recently published a Green Paper on marriages, which demonstrated trends in a number of marriages and unions. The statistics, between 2008 and 2017, indicated that a number of registered marriages declined while that of divorces increased between 2012 and 2017. Most of these divorces were initiated by wives. “Black African couples had the highest number of divorces compared to other population groups,” read part of the document. It stated that in 2017, more than 11 300 divorces, that account for 44,5%, were by black couples followed by white couples at 23, 8%, coloured at 17,8% and Indian/Asian at 5,5%. The highest number of divorces granted were from the Western Cape, Gauteng, KZN and Eastern Cape. According to relationship expert Sonja Broschk, marriages changed drastically in the last few decades and the month of March had become divorce season. “However, following the pandemic, divorce attorneys saw a rise between June and November last year,” she said. She told Daily Sun problems that were already in existence came out stronger during lockdown, adding that loss of jobs and salary cuts put a lot of financial strain on families. “Couples stick around in December for a number of reasons, including bonuses and family holidays. It’s a happy season. January is not a good time because they don’t have money. They then begin to approach divorce attorneys in March,” Broschk said. Broschk said ego, lies, abuse, lack of communication and household chores were also the source of problems in relationships. She said that communication was key to a successful marriage. Donda Attorneys, that also specialises in divorce, said there had been an increase in cases. Melusi Xulu from Donda said some of the reasons included lack of romance and compatibility, adultery and depression. “However, the lockdown does not have to give birth to new divorces. One can even add that the current divorces can be resolved during this period. “As a married couple, be strong and do not waver. In very toxic situations, it’s not desirable that there’s domestic violence that will endanger people’s lives, hence a divorce becomes a solution,” he advised.