IN the first three months of this year, 24 cops were killed. This is according to Police Minister Bheki Cele who on Friday released the quarterly crime statistics. He said police killings were a crisis and had the potential to threaten the country’s peace and stability. “South African Police Service members die at the hands of callous, heartless and brazen criminals,” he said. Releasing the crime stats, Cele said 4 976 people were murdered in Mzansi between January and March 2021. He noted there was an increase of 387 in murder cases compared to the same period in 2020. ALSO READ: ANGRY MOB SETS SUSPECTS ON FIRE! Cele said Mpumalanga had recorded the same number of murders as in the corresponding period in the previous financial year. “The Mpumalanga province is joined by Limpopo, Free State and Northern Cape in recording decreases in their murder cases. “However, it is concerning that the Eastern Cape and the Kwa-Zulu Natal provinces recorded double-digit increases, standing at 21,5% and 16,9% respectively,” he said. He said 1327 people died in the places of residence of either the victim or the perpetrator. “A total of 2 378 people were killed in public places like streets, open field, recreational parks, beaches and abandoned buildings,” he said. Outlining the causes of the murders, Cele said: “The top four causative factors of these murders remain arguments, robberies, both residential and non-residential and street robberies, mob justice and gang-related incidents.” Expressing his disappointment, the police minister said sexual violence meted against women in this country was simply shameful. “While there has been a decline in sexual offences cases, 9 518 people were raped between January and March. “This is a decrease of 387 cases, amounting to an almost 4% decrease compared to the previous reporting period,” he said. Concluding his speech, Cele said they were making strides in many provinces that are reporting declines in various crime categories, including murder. SUMMARY OF OTHER CRIME STATS FARM ATTACKS - In the first three months of 2021, 11 people were killed in 10 incidents of murder, which occurred in farms and smallholdings. PROPERTY RELATED CRIMES - All Property Related Crimes decreased by 20,8% and stock theft declined by 11,1%. ASSAULT AND ALCOHOL - All cases of assault have decreased by over 9%. Cele said 2855 incidents of Assault GBH were confirmed that alcohol was consumed either by the victim or the perpetrator or both. Meanwhile, 2047 incidents of Assault GBH took place at either a bar, nightclub, tavern or shebeen. TRIO CRIMES CIT AND TRUCK HIJACKINGS - Aggravated robberies such as Carjacking increased by almost 5% Cash In Transit heists - In the first three months of this year, Cash-in-Transit heists decreased by 10,6%.