There was chaos outside the Lady Frere Magistrates Court on Thursday, 13 May. Police fired rubber bullets and used stun grenades to disperse an angry crowd! The protesters were demanding the accused, who were making their fourth appearance, be granted bail. More than 200 residents of Ezingqolweni Village in Cacadu, formerly known as Lady Frere, rallied behind 12 locals accused of a months-long murder spree. The court case follows the brutal killings of 17 people, among them gogos, in the area since November last year. The latest victims – gogos Nophumzile Gingqini (70), Nosinothi Sbhozo (74) and Ncuncu Sphungu (81) – were killed on Thursday night last week. Speaking to Daily Sun, angry villagers said between November 2020 and March this year Mthemkana Mpoqane (88), Nozaziyedwa Nontyida (63), Noluzile Khuphiso (75), Noyenge Mbovane (80), Gcobile Fihla (60), Lhelhe Mfonyongo (72) and Nomagunqu Ntlabezi (81) were brutally slaughtered in what they believed were muthi killings. This resulted in a bloody mob justice frenzy! Brigadier Thembinkosi Kinana, referring to the latest killings, said: “Neighbours became suspicious and concerned about the quietness in the homesteads where the gogos lived.” Upon investigating, he said, they discovered the gogos had all been murdered. To avenge their deaths, it appeared, they hunted down the possible suspects, six of whom were set alight while the seventh was found hanging from a tree. A resident said the villagers identified the suspects, interrogated them, and murdered them after they allegedly confessed. The resident blamed the bloodshed on the police’s failure to make any arrests. “Community members gave the police the names of the suspects and they did nothing,” he said. “So people decided to take the law into their own hands because they’re fed up.” Another resident, describing in more detail how the suspects were found out, said: “The community went from door to door looking for anything that looked suspicious. They found seven men aged between 19 and 28 who confessed.” Kinana said none of the court protesters were arrested. "The report suggests that the people of Zingqolweni went to court to demand bail for the arrested suspects who are associated with mob justice which happened in the Village." "The police had to disperse them as they refused to move away from the court," said Kinana..