THE moment of truth has finally arrived for Chippa United and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM)! The two sides are set for a crunch Nedbank Cup final at Free State Stadium tomorrow (6pm). Both sides are in the final for the first time. Respective players know that it does not get bigger than this. They know what is at stake. In the DStv Premiership, the two clubs have not been doing well. They are struggling near the bottom of the log, trying to escape the dreaded relegation axe that is hovering over their heads. The Chilli Boys are 15th with 24 points while TTM are a place above them with a point more. Nevertheless, all that will be put aside tomorrow when they battle for the R7 million prize money that comes with winning the Ke Yona Cup and the prestigious title. With both sides playing in a final for the first time in the PSL, Chippa United attacking midfielder Thabiso Lebitso believes mental strength will play a vital role. “As much as we will be playing at this stage for the first time, we are not panicking,” Lebitso said. “In our team, players such as Anthony Laffor, Oupa Manyisa have played in finals, and they have been giving us advice ahead of this match. There’s also the likes of Sizwe Mdlinzo and Nyiko Mobbie, who have won the Nedbank Cup.” Recently TTM have proved they are better than what they were at the beginning of the season. To reach the final, they eliminated reigning champions Mamelodi Sundowns 6-5 on penalties after a goalless draw after extra time. Lebitso said that should say a lot about the Limpopo team. The Chilli Boys eliminated Glad Africa Championship outfit Pretoria Callies 1-0 in the semi-finals. Lebitso said: “They (TTM) are no pushovers. They reached this stage on merit. It tells that it will not be an easy encounter for either side. We know what they are capable of. We just need to guard against silly mistakes that could get us punished on the day.” The Sebokeng-born player added that he is grateful to be playing in the Nedbank Cup final after just 14 months into his professional career. Lebitso was the last player to be unearthed in the Nedbank Cup Ke Yona team in 2019 and was drafted to the Chilli Boys. He impressed during his one-month trial to earn a professional contract. Fast forward, two years later, he will play the Ke Yona Cup final against his former Kasi teammates Thabo Rakhale and Thabo Mnyamane, who are also from the Vaal. The trio used to play for Junior Lions before making it into the professional ranks.