CONFUSION reigns supreme on which GladAfrica Championship side will be promoted to the DStv Premiership, with legal papers flying all over in the first division league. Sekhukhune United’s 3-1 win against JDR Stars at Giant Stadium in Soshanguve might not be enough for them to gain promotion in their maiden season. Even Royal AM’s 1-1 draw with Cape Town All Stars could prove not enough to see them crowned Championship kings. The Premier Soccer League (PSL) is yet to decide on who are the new championship kings following court papers that were thrown at the league, though not specific from which club. It was expected that today the new champions will be crowned, but the arbitration case outcome in the Sekhukhune and Polokwane City case has thrown a cat among pigeons. Sekhukhune were awarded three points by the arbitrator after they won their appeal against the initial PSL disciplinary outcome, a match which they lost 1-0. The PSL DC found City guilty of having bridged NSL rules by not having five Under-23 players in their squad list against Sekhukhune, and only docked three points away from them. But Sekhukhune complained that the points must be given to them and did that via the arbitrator, which ruled in their favour and awarded the points, with the match given to Babina Noko 3-0. But indications are that Royal AM, who at the time had a comfortable points lead, must have complained. On Sunday the league withheld crowning the champions with a statement that they have been “threatened and served” with court papers in relation to an arbitration award handed down. “The matter must clearly be ventilated one way or the other and resolved. The league responsibility is to properly consider the matter and take advice so as to ensure that all disputes and differences are finalised urgently and without delay,” the PSL said in a statement yesterday. “While the matter remains in dispute, it is advisable to delay the Championship trophy handover for a short period to permit the league to consider the matter. “... the results will be arrived at, and the issues resolved. The league undertakes to resolve whatever issues there are as expeditiously as possible.” Meanwhile, Royal AM skipper, Samuel Manganyi, saved the day for the KwaZulu-Natal outfit as he successfully converted a dramatic late penalty to end 1-1. The leaders were only two minutes away from blowing their chances after Waseem Isaacs had put All Stars ahead with a headed goal in the second half. As things stand, Sekhukhune are second on the log with 50 points while Royal AM top the table with 51, until the league resolves the matter. In the play-offs spot, TS Sporting, who finished third on the log with 47 points, will negotiate their way to the PSL with the team finishing 15th in the PSL. Richards Bay, who led the pack for the better part of the campaign, missed out on promotion and a play-off spot. Meanwhile, Steenberg United have joined Bizana Pondo Chiefs in the drop after 30 matches.