It's safe to say Manqoba Mngqithi is not the biggest fan of foreign coaches. The Mamelodi Sundowns co-coach believes local coaches are capable of producing results when they are given the right support. Mnqgithi was speaking on the back of the appointment of Belgian Hugo Broos as the new Bafana Bafana coach. The 69-year-old former Cameroon coach was appointed on a five-year deal and will replace Molefi Ntseki. Mngqithi, who was linked with the Bafana job at some point, has advised the South African Football Association (SAFA) to appoint a local coach to assist Broos. He believes it will take time for Broos to get to grips with the local league and get to know all the key players before the World Cup qualifiers set to be his first test as coach. Mngqithi also believes this will allow the local coach to learn as much as possible from Broos, who has won numerous trophies. “The truth of the matter is that the development of our coaches is also very important," said Mngqithi. “Even if you bring foreign expertise, it is important that you have some local coaches within that space so that they benefit from the legacy of that coach. They must believe that he brings something that South Africans might not have so it would be good for our local coaches to learn from him. If someone brings some scarce skills, we have to support him and ensure that we learn from them. “But I would always be someone who supports the thinking that South Africans are capable. The other thing is that whoever you bring in, if you ask them who the key players at Sundowns, Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates or SuperSport United are they might not even know one. It will take them time to adjust and understand the profile of our players locally and abroad. That is why it is important to surround that coach with people who know the local game well. “The culture of having foreign coaches with full time South African assistant coaches will help a lot, it benefitted coach Pitso Mosimane when he worked closely with coach Carlos Alberto Parreira and I think it can benefit someone else that can be given the privilege. “But in all honesty, I believe we don’t know what South African coaches are capable of, we take them for granted. And when we give them opportunities, we don’t support them as much as we support the foreigners.”