THE solution, or resolution, to the GladAfrica Championship looks set to be made on Friday when the PSL appears in the Johannesburg High Court to find closure to the dispute. The National Soccer League (NSL) has been hauled before the courts by Polokwane City requesting review of independent arbitrator, Hilton Epstein SC, which was made on 19 May. The PSL was forced to delay the Championship trophy handover on Sunday following the final round of matches due to a dispute that was lodged, and this affected two clubs that were in contest for promotion to the Premiership. In a statement on Sunday, the PSL revealed it has been “threatened and served with court papers in relation to an arbitration award handed down, impacting the Championship table”. “The matter must clearly be ventilated one way or the other and resolved. The league’s responsibility is to properly consider the matter and take advice so as to ensure that all disputes and differences are finalised urgently and without delay,” the league’s statement read. This was as a result of a dispute between Polokwane City and Sekhukhune United, Championship clubs, where the latter lodged a protest against the former who were accused of having not abided by the league’s rules of having five Under-23 players in their squad list for the match. With that, the league’s DC found City guilty and deducted three points away from them, since they won the match 1-0, but did not award the points to Sekhukune. Sekhukhune challenged the decision and argued they deserved to be granted the points, which led to the arbitration, where Epstein nullified the DC’s sanction and awarded the match to Babina Noko on a 3-0 score margin. According the court documents seen by SunSport, Rise and Shine argues against Epstein’s decision to set aside and reinstate the initial ruling and sanction made by the league’s DC chairperson. City are further demanding that Epstein pay the legal costs of Friday’s sitting, City argue they brought this review application in their own interest, and that of other Championship clubs “who are or will be affected by the award in future and in the public interest”. “The award (Epstein) constitutes misdirection in two ways – it gives a wrong interpretation of the law and jurisprudence in the area of football law and the discretion exercised by the arbitrator is not judicially exercised. The award has far-reaching implications for the PSL, its teams on the Championship and for the game of soccer in the country.” City added that the award of the arbitrator overrode the discretion exercised by the DC without reasoning “why he did so”. Further delays to the crowning of the Championship winners will delay the commencement of the promotion/relegation play-offs, which the PSL is yet to confirm the dates, although the draw has already been done.