IT’S back to the drawing board for Benni McCarthy and his AmaZulu team as they look to keep their slim chances of wrestling the DStv Premiership title away from leaders Mamelodi Sundowns. The KwaZulu-Natal outfit was dealt a huge blow in their pursuit of the Brazilians as they were edged 1-0 by Baroka FC at home on Tuesday. Although the defeat was difficult to take for  Usuthu , it hasn’t completely knocked the stuffing out of them and they still have some fight le ft in them, according to their mentor McCarthy. They will continue fighting until the end as they look to finish as high as possible, if not cause a massive upset by snatching the title from Downs’ grasp. The defending champions Sundowns, however, are now  just one win away from wrapping up the title. And by the time  Usuthu  play their next match on 27 May against Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium, Downs might already have been crowned champions. But that will not stop McCarthy and his side from giving their all in their remaining three matches of what has been an impressive campaign. “We’re looking forward to the break.  We can regroup and come back,” said McCarthy. “We have three more games left ,   three tough games that will most likely go like that Baroka matchwhere teams make it very tough for us to break them.    We are disappointed but you can’t win every game. We accept that and move on. We regroup and go back to the  drawing board . “I can’t fault the players because they have been fantastic. We just have to  go back and fight harder. “We have three more games and we will fight with everything we have.  We will leave our blood, sweat and tears on the field. “We have entertained the AmaZulu faithful throughout this period, and we will  continue trying and doing that in the remaining matches.” McCarthy is happy that his side will be back at their usual home ground, Jonsson Kings Park, in their next home match. He insists that his boys were affected by the move to King Zwelithini Stadium – a stadium they  haven’t used much this season – for Tuesday’s match against Bakgaga.