AFTER not being granted a protection order against her estranged husband Black Coffee. Media personality Enhle Mbali has come out to say she’s tired of protecting him. The emotional actress took to social media and shared that soon heads will roll as she will be revealing everything that went down between her and Black Coffee, whose real name is Nkosinathi Maphumulo, at their marital home. “I have decided to make this video because I have been silent. I have been harassed and intimidated for the longest of time and I’m here emotional today because I was not granted a protection order,” she said. “I’m not going to say names because I don’t know the implications, but I’m going to tell you guys everything.” The Rockville actress alleged the internationally-acclaimed DJ lied in court. ALSO READ: ENHLE: BLACK COFFEE HIT ME! “This man lied in the court of law and said he went under my arm as tall as he is and he knows very well that he hit me. He struck my hand twice and pushed me at our marital property. “I’m tired. I am saying that I am now going to talk.” She further said she will leave no stone unturned. “I’m going to spare absolutely nothing that has happened in our marital home. This is just an opener to say: ‘women, we need to stop protecting these men’." "I didn’t want to be that woman that breaks down a man that so many love but that man is breaking me down and I am saying enough. Today is the last time I am silenced by any cause but my own and that is GBV. Today is also the last day I will speak.” In the emotional video that was shared on Friday on her Instagram account Enhle, who has been mum about her divorce, said she will be hosting a press conference soon and will be inviting all media houses. “In that press conference we will bring evidence, text messages and everything that was lied about and all kinds of crazy things,” she said. ALSO READ: BLACK COFFEE VS NOTA! “This is not me being emotional. Yes, I am emotional, but this is me standing up for myself and stopping the secrecy and showing what actually happened. We try to uphold our black men but our black men constantly try pull us down and prove how inferior we are. “I am not pulling back. If I had not done this video, I know myself I would have pulled back and kept quiet once more and retreated and stopped, but not this time,” she concluded. Black Coffee and his team had not responded to our questions at the time of publishing. Last month he said that it's regrettable that Enhle has chosen to mislead the public in the name of GBV. "I personally grew up witnessing GBV in my own household from a young age and I vowed never to allow that to happen again under any circumstances. I did not assault Mbali. I didn't do it now and have never done it before." A post shared by Enhle Mbali Mlotshwa (@enhlembali_)  