“VIVA, sex work decriminalisation, viva! A group of women chanted this as they walked the streets of Joburg marching for the decriminalisation of sex work. On Thursday, Sex Workers Education and Advocacy Task Force (Sweat, as well as Sisonke and Asijiki Coalition, joined forces in “Funk It I’m Walking”, led by artist Nomsa Mazwai. Magoshas workers also joined the walk and shared their plight and tales of abuse at the hands of police and clients. They are calling for safer streets for all women. They further demand sex work be legalised. “We are marching for our freedom. We are also protected by the Constitution, yet our human rights are violated. We are thrown into police cells for trying to put food on the table. We are just ordinary women hustling for our families,” said a magosha.  Activist Dudu Dlamini, who is also part of Sweat, said sex workers are mothers and breadwinners, but above all, they are human. She said the laws of the country oppress sex workers.  She said: “This ends now! We want to be safe regardless of who we are and the kind of work that we do. “Women don’t deserve to raped because of the way they have dressed. We have very limited choices about our bodies.  “We are calling for the decriminalisation of sex work. Sex work is still criminalised under the Sexual Offences Act that was drafted during the apartheid era. “Ganja is also decriminalised but why not sex work? Sex workers are also contributing to the economy, and they are mothers who provide for their families,” she said.  Nomsa said sex work is a reality and should not be treated as taboo.  She said: “Criminalising sex work is perpetuating rape, gender-based violence and human trafficking,” said Nomsa.  “Sex workers are not harming anyone, but doing their job. “However, they are threatened to be arrested and abused by brothel owners. Like any other job, some sex workers enjoy what they do, while others are forced by circumstances. They have the right to work freely and be part of labour rights,” said Nomsa.