FORMER
minister Malusi Gigaba has refuted claims that he had any business dealings
with the Gupta family, saying he only attended their cultural festivities and
social events by invite. Gigaba also
disputed his estranged wife Norma Mngoma’s testimony he had visited the
controversial family’s compound at Saxonwold in Joburg 20 times in the over
four years that he served as public enterprises department. Even though
it probably would not have been more than 20 times, he acknowledged, he
questioned how his wife would have come to that number as in her testimony she
said she remembered accompanying him to the compound not more than three times. Gigaba
submitted that he would want an ample opportunity to respond to his wife’s
claims. “I would
want an opportunity, an ample opportunity to respond comprehensively Miss
Mngoma’s creative imagination. I want to deal with what she testified here. The
extensive lies, the inaccuracies in the fabrications but it suffice for now to
say it was not more than 20 times,” he said. Gigaba
revealed that he first met the Guptas while he was still ANCYL president and
described them as a family that was close to ANC leaders who helped the party
to raise funds, something he said was confirmed by party chairman Gwede
Mantashe in his testimony at the commission. He however,
shot down claims that he had dealings with the Guptas and his wife has told the
commission in her testimony they controlled him as minister and gave him cash
in money bags. “But I did
not have dealings (with the Guptas). I don’t exactly know what the word means
because I didn’t have any business or other dealings. But I got to know them
and I used to be invited to attend various social and cultural events which I
did. “There
would be various religious things and as a gesture of support for a cultural
and religious function so one would attend. So I do not call these dealings,”
said Gigaba. He added
that he had interacted with the Guptas on different forms such as the New Age
business breakfasts or accompanying the president on state dinners. Much of his
first day of testimony was spent on his tenure as public enterprises minister
where he was questioned about Transnet processes as well as the appointment of
senior manager at the parastatal. He told the
commission that in this regard he only dealt with the chairman of the board and
was not aware of any involvement of Gupta ally Salim Essa, adding that his
involvement as minister was very limited.