TS Galaxy will lock horns with Orlando Pirates in a DStv Premiership match at the Mbombela Stadium on Sunday. Kick-off is at 3pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). * Get DStv to watch all the action live. The Rockets' hopes of finishing in the top eight took a knock as they recorded their second successive defeat when they lost 3-0 to Lamontville Golden Arrows away on 19 May. As a result, the Mpumalanga side is placed ninth on the league standings - a point behind eighth-placed Baroka FC, but Galaxy have a game in hand which is against Pirates. Wayde Lekay, the Galaxy striker, lauded Pirates as a tough opponent and he revealed that they have a winning feeling ahead of their clash with the Soweto giants. “Pirates is always a good and tough opponent. It is time for us to turn the corner irrespective of the opponent that we are facing," Lekay said. "I feel we deserve to pick up three points. It is not a good feeling to lose back-to-back games. It is not a nice feeling at all. We have to try and go there and pick up the maximum points. "We have to get that winning feeling once again. Everyone craves the winning feeling. That’s what we have right now." Meanwhile, Pirates got their bid of finishing in second place back on track when they secured a 1-0 victory over their top-two rivals AmaZulu FC at home on Thursday. The Buccaneers remained fourth on the standings. They are now four points behind second-placed AmaZulu, but Pirates have a game in hand. Ben Motshwari, the Pirates central midfielder, says they are motivated as they look to secure a second-place finish in order to qualify for next season's Caf Champions League. "We managed to emerge victoriously [against AmaZulu]. It was important for us. We are taking these three points and performance into the next match," Motshwari said. "We are motivated. For us, there is still second place to play for, we want to go to the Champions League. "That is the key for us now and that is our target as a team - to secure second-place finish and go to the Champions League next season." -SuperSport