MPUMALANGA farmer Themba Vilakazi (54), who was reported missing in March, was found dead and his remains were discovered in a donga near Vrede in the Free State on Tuesday, 18 May. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi confirmed that Vilakazi mysteriously disappeared on 25 March, after he informed his family that he was going to Standerton Police Station to meet someone who earlier called him and introduced himself as a police officer. “He reportedly left home in his Toyota bakkie to meet that person. His family reported him missing after they tried in vain to contact him on his cellphone. “Police were informed about the matter and an investigation was launched. During the investigation, police unearthed details that shed more light on Vilakazi’s disappearance. On Tuesday, 18 May, police made a breakthrough when they arrested two men, aged 32 and 33 in Standerton. One of the suspects was found in possession of property believed to belong to Vilakazi. Meanwhile, the other man reportedly pointed out where Vilakazi’s body was buried, said Hlathi. He said Vilakazi’s white Toyota bakkie with registration number KTC 469 MP has not yet been found. He said the men are due to appear in the Standerton Magistrates Court soon. Mpumalanga police acting commissioner Major-General Thulani Phahla has applauded the cops for their hard work. “We are adamant that the investigation will progress very well to ensure that justice is served for the murdered farmer. We believe the arrests will send a stern warning to farm murderers that we’re coming for them. We hope the public will continue to give us information on the whereabouts of suspects so that they can be put behind bars.” said Phahla. Meanwhile, police are still searching for suspects involved in the murder of Hennie Moldenhaver, who was 58 years old. The incident happened in Amersfoort on Sunday, 16 May, on Weiland Farm, where the victim was shot and killed by unknown suspects. Anyone with information that may lead to the arrest of the suspects is requested to contact Detective Constable Nomndeni Madonsela on 071 203 1458.