AN Indian couple could be in hot water after flouting Covid-19 regulations during their mid-air wedding ceremony. It’s understood the couple hired a plane and had 161 guests on board. It took off to the sky where the two-hour wedding ceremony took place. Boeing 737 was apparently hovering over Mumbai for two hours. During the mid-air wedding, guests apparently flouted some regulations. This after pictures surfaced on social media, showing them not observing social distancing or wearing masks. The Indian Express reported that the directorate-general of civil aviation had launched an investigation into the case of 161 passengers on board a chartered SpiceJet flight, flouting on-board Covid-19 regulations while attending a mid-air wedding on Sunday. “The crew has been off-rostered and the airline has been directed to lodge a complaint with relevant authorities against those not following regulations,” a senior official said, adding that the aviation safety regulator was conducting an inquiry into the incident “and shall take strict action”. Rakesh-Dakshina from Madurai, who rented a plane for two hours and got married in the wedding sky. Family members who flew from Madurai to Bangalore after getting married by SpiceJet flight from Bangalore to Madurai. #COVID19India #lockdown @TV9Telugu #weddingrestrictions pic.twitter.com/9nDyn3MM4n  The Indian Express further reported that in March, the directorate-general had issued a circular to all airlines, airports and the Central Industrial Security Force to treat passengers who violated Covid-19 protocol, despite repeated warnings, as “unruly passengers”. A couple tied the knot on-board a chartered flight from Madurai, Tamil Nadu. Their relatives & guests were on the same flight."A SpiceJet chartered flight was booked y'day from Madurai. Airport Authority officials unaware of the mid-air marriage ceremony," says Airport Director pic.twitter.com/wzMCyMKt5m  A statement by SpiceJet said: “A SpiceJet Boeing 737 was chartered by a travel agent in Madurai on 23 May for a group of passengers, for a joyride post their wedding. “The client was clearly briefed on Covid-19 guidelines to be followed and denied permission for any activity to be performed on board. The approval was taken as a joyride for the wedding group.” The agent and guest passengers were briefed in detail, both in writing as well as verbally, on social distancing and safety norms to be followed throughout the journey. “The group was repeatedly briefed on the safety norms to be followed by the operating cabin crew and advised to follow the protocols laid down by the directorate-general, including restrictions on photography and videography. “Despite repeated requests and reminders, the passengers didn’t follow Covid-19 guidelines and the airline is taking appropriate action as per rules.”