POLICE Minister Bheki Cele has called on residents of Olivenhoutbosch to lift the lid on police who’re using police vehicles for their own personal use, including visiting their girlfriends. This comes after the community raised the issue of the shortage of police vans in the area as one of the reasons for the slow response to crime. This was one of the frustrations aired at the Police Imbizo held in the area on Monday, where residents of the troubled kasi engaged the minister and police leadership on crime in the area. Cele said: “They (police) come to your homes and park the state cars there until midnight, and instead of lifting the lid on that your mothers are calling them ‘mkhonyana’. “Girls, if you’re dating police, tell them to come with their own cars and leave the state car. “When it’s parked at your home, at the stations they’re saying there are no vans, but there’s one bringing groceries to your home. “There are 12 cars that are in the garage to be fixed, and all of them except three have been there since 2020.” ALSO READ: MAN BUST AFTER BODY FOUND! The residents said they wanted the satellite police station to be shut down. They said illegal immigrants who commit horrendous crimes are hiding in Olivenhoutbosch. They urged the Department of Home Affairs to come to the area and sort out the issue of illegal immigrants in the area. Cele said: “The challenge was made. We’ve come and listened to you. What we’ll have to do is to invite the national and provincial commissioners to come to this police station, maybe in two weeks’ time, to sit down and put forward the steps we’re going to follow going forward. “All of us as the police and community must work together to fight crime.” Cele also hinted the deployment of the no-nonsense TRT unit (amaberethe) in the area to tackle crimes. He said the community shouldn’t complain about the deployment of amaberethe as has been the case in other communities. He assured residents the unit will be there not to beat anyone up but to arrest criminals.