SINGER Makhadzi has expressed disappointment at being snubbed by the South African Music Awards (Samas) again. The Murahu hitmaker took to Twitter following the announcement of the nominees for the 27th Samas on Wednesday, 19 May. She said she submitted the forms when the awards called for nominees, but she still wasn’t nominated. The same thing happened to the star last year, which led to her expressing her sadness and disappointment on social media. Speaking to Daily Sun, Makhadzi said she didn’t know where the problem was, and that was bothering her. “Honestly speaking, I don’t know what the problem is because I followed the procedure. I submitted the forms and did everything correctly. I was hoping that I’d be one of the nominees this year, but unfortunately I wasn’t,” said the singer. “I don’t understand what’s going on. Maybe it’s the type of genre I’m doing – maybe they don’t like it. I’m thinking about a lot of things and I don’t have the answers,” she said. ALSO READ | ALL THE SAMA27 NOMINEES! Makhadzi said being snubbed was painful. “When you know that you’re doing well, and everyone loves you and is buying your music, it doesn’t make sense when organisations like the Samas don’t recognise you. It’s painful. I released my album Kokovha last year and it’s still on the charts. So, I don’t know what’s happening,” she said. “I just feel sorry for up-and-coming artists, especially Tshivenda musicians because I feel like maybe it’s because I’m Venda – I don’t know. I’m not saying I’m better than everyone, I’m just saying I know that I’m good. I deserve to be part of the Samas and to win an award from them,” said Makhadzi. She added that she would not stop applying for the awards. “Winners don’t quit. I’ll still apply because I believe things will still change. In the meantime, I’ll try checking other awards from outside the country. But I had wished to get a Samas before getting an award outside,” said the singer. The Spokesperson for the Samas, Lesley Mofokeng said the awards stand against tribalism."The SAMAs are for South African musicians. It is of no relevance what nation or tribe they are or language they speak. We stand against tribalism and prejudice of any kind or form," he said.Lesley said Makhadzi didn't receive enough votes from the panel of judges and that is why she wasn't nominated. He also advised musicians who weren't nominated to be creative."The SAMAs are a competition judged by experts in the music industry. The focus is on quality of work and artistry. We always encourage artists to remain creative, competitive and innovative," said Lesley. I did submited samas nomination forms but unfortunately maybe I didn’t meet their requirements ???? 