FORMER Prasa CEO Lucky Montana has denied allegations that he sold his houses to cover up his involvement in criminal activities. He said the claims were based on lies and there was a campaign to portray him as a corrupt person. He told the Zondo Commission yesterday he was surprised that the story was not changing despite new facts emerging. Investigator Clint Oellermann alleged that Montana bought three properties for a total of more than R36 million between 2014 and 2016. He claimed the properties were funded through Riaan van der Walt, an attorney who acted for Riyangena Technologies, which won an unlawful tender worth R2,4 million. Montana denied his properties were worth R36 million. He said at the time, he owned four houses and sold them for a combined value of R6,8 million. Evidence leader Advocate Vas Soni said Montana sold one of the houses to Van Der Walt and made improvements six weeks after the sale although the agreement didn’t require him to do so. He said it could have provided cover on paper for other activities. Montana said there was no problem with the offer of purchases not being strictly followed. He admitted to instructing Van Der Walt to make transactions on his behalf, saying they were business partners. Once again, Montana accused the commission of taking sides. He said it was hell bent on telling the country he was corrupt with no evidence. “Vital evidence that disproves the narrative is being presented here, but it is being withheld deliberately. I won’t allow that,” said Montana. Commission chairman Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo said it was doing its best to investigate within the time given. “If the commission becomes aware that somebody is in possession of information or documents that may be relevant, it’s entitled to look at that information and consider it on its merit,” he said. Montana objected to the commission using a statement from Werksman Attorneys because it was not a commission document. He claimed the commission wanted to use it to fit the narrative that Siyangena/TTM paid R36 million towards his properties.