BAFANA Bafana coach Hugo Broos has named his first national team squad that will face Uganda in the friendly match on the 10th of June at Orlando Stadium. In the squad, Broos named uncapped players such as Golden Arrows defender Nkosinathi Sibisi, AmaZulu left-back Sibusiso Mabiliso and Maritzburg United rising striker Bongokuhle Hlongwane. The former Cameroon coach also recalled Kaizer Chiefs goalkeeper Bruce Bvuma, who will compete in goals with Superport United captain Ronwen Williams. Also back in the side is the trio of Mamelodi Sundowns defender Rushine De Reuck, Aubrey Modiba and Mothobi Mvala. SuperSport United midfielder Tebogo Mokoena is also back in the side. Mosa Lebusa, who was part of the squad in March that failed to qualify for 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), was retained along with Cape Town City’s Craig Martin, Orlando Pirates left-back Innocent Maela and Sundowns midfielder Lebohang Maboe. Thabiso Kutumela, who is in rich form of his life this season with 12 league goals and just two behind league top scorer Bradley Grobley, was another who was retained in the side. Brighton Hove and Albion forward Percy Tau and Montpellier winger Keagan Dolly are the only two European-based players named in the squad. However, the coach left out captain Thulani Hlatshwayo, who’s omission might not be a surprise as he was erratic of late at his club and also in the national team. Broos though said the players who he didn’t recall shouldn’t be despair because this is just a friendly match. The 69-year-old won't be in charge of this of this friendly match, but his two assistant coach Cedomir Javenski and Helman Mkhalele will be on the bench, as the former Cameroon coach is leaving the country on Sunday for the second jab of the Covid-19 vaccintaion. Goalkeepers: Ronwen Williams, Bruce Bvuma Defenders: Rivaldo Coetzee, Mosa Lebusa, Rushine De Reuck, Innocent Maela, Sibusiso Mabiliso  Midfielders: Sipho Mbule, Keagan Dolly, Lebohang Maboe, Craig Martin, Teboho Mokoena, Mothobi Mvala, Aubrey Modiba, Thabang Monare. Forwards: Bongokuhle Hlongwane, Percy Tau, Thabiso Kutumela The squad will meet on the 6th of June, a day after the 2020-21 season has ended.