ACTRESS and poet Lebo Mashile has been vaccinated against Covid-19 but other people are not happy. The vaccination took place at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital on Wednesday. In her tweet, she said she’d raise awareness and share her own experience. In a Twitter thread, she wrote: “I woke up before dawn to head to Baragwanath Hospital in Soweto to get a vaccine along with frontline healthcare workers. “I’m here to share my experience and raise awareness about the process. My heart has been through a roller coaster of emotions in the past 24 hours.” She said getting vaccinated doesn’t make her immune to Covid-19 but it does lessen the risk of dying from Covid-19. “Getting the vaccine doesn’t make me immune. I still have to play it safe by wearing a mask in public, social distancing, and sanitising my hands,” she said. “Being vaccinated means that should I contract Covid, I won’t end up in hospital on a ventilator and won’t die. I’ll live.” ALSO READ  |  BREAKING: BISHOP MAKAMU STEPS DOWN! She said she has more chances of contracting the disease since she has many public interactions. “I’m a mother and breadwinner. I have an extended family network that depends on me,” she said. “I’m also the one most likely to bring Covid home because I have the most interactions with people outside. “I need to be around to raise my kids and take care of the people I love most.” But not everyone was happy about her being chosen for this task. Twitter user Bontle MS asked: “How did you qualify? I thought we were still in the first round. . . healthcare workers?” Gugu Mchunu also asked: “How did you qualify?” “What does she do? Because the phrase ‘along with frontline healthcare workers’ doesn’t qualify her as one of the FHWs,” Ms Anathea also asked. To which Lebo responded and said: “For those asking how I qualified: I’ve been working with African Alliance on how to use social media to motivate people to get vaccinated. “African Alliance has been working tirelessly for the past year to ensure that marginalised people in SA get access to vaccines.” She further explained that she’s not making any money from the tweets. “These tweets are a part of my social activism. I’m not getting any money for them,” she said. “I also have elderly relatives and loved ones with comorbidities who’re waiting for the vaccine. I made the decision to do this and share it in the interest of transparency and inspiring others.” I woke up before dawn to head to Baragwanath Hospital in Soweto to get a vaccine along with frontline healthcare workers. I am here to share my experiences and raise awareness about the process. My heart has been through a rollercoaster of emotions in the last 24 hours. pic.twitter.com/eJS2twOPQX 