The South African Football Association (Safa) and their former coach, Molefi Ntseki, have smoked a peace pipe following the coach's sacking by the federation. Safa announced Ntseki's axing in a press conference, without having officially consulted with the coach on 31 March, which sparked an uproar and threats of legal action. SunSport understands that there has been meeting behind closed doors since then and on Wednesday the federation announced 69-year-old Belgian coach, Hugo Broos, as their new coach on a five year contract. Broos is expected in the country on Monday for two weeks to assess facilities and settle ahead of the 2022 Fifa World Cup qualifiers, either in June, which could be moved to September, due to Covid-19 fears. On Thursday morning Safa released an vague statement announcing they have "officially agreed to part ways amicably, following the senior national team’s failure to qualify for the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon)". Much as this was public knowledge from the 31 March media briefing, but indications are that both parties have now found each other and all parties are happy. Ntseki's manager, Thato Matuka, confirmed that they have officially agreed to part ways peacefully and end their contract which was due on 2023. "We have finally found one another with Safa and agreed to part ways," said Matuka. "We're now all in agreement. We'd like to thank the association for the opportunity, and we're okay now." Ntseki has been touted as one of the local coaches who is recommended to work closely with Broos, but Matuka said they have not been approached with such an offer. "Nothing formal has been presented to us. We will weigh our options if such an offer comes our way," added Matuka. "At this stage we're looking for a club for him, both locally and in the continent. So far we have not received anything, just yet." Ntseki was appointed Bafana coach in August 2019 after playing an assistant role to previous coach Stuart Baxter for two years where they reached the 2019 Afcon quarter-finals. Under Ntseki’s watchful eye, Bafana won four, drew two and lost three of the nine international matches played. "Safa thanks Ntseki for his contribution to the association over the years," the federation said in a statement. 