THE DStv Diski Challenge Rewired is quickly heading towards the business end. The group stages are almost done and dusted, and the teams that will battle it out in the semifinals are almost confirmed. Three teams, Kaizer Chiefs, Cape Town City and AmaZulu have secured passage to the next round, with only one spot still in question. Orlando Pirates are favourites to grab that final spot, having seen off one of the competitors Baroka FC 4-1 at Rand Stadium on Sunday. The result meant that Bucs now have one foot in the semi-finals, but Mamelodi Sundowns could yet spoil the party. In Stream One, Cape Town City continued their fine form and became the first side to seal their passage with a 2-1 win over Maritzburg United. They are joined in the next round by AmaZulu, who edged out Stellenbosch FC by the same scoreline at King Goodwill Zwelithini Stadium. Stream Two has been dominated by Chiefs, who secured their semifinal spot with a 3-1 win over Swallows FC at FNB Stadium. The Young Glamour Boys coach, Arthur Zwane, was delighted with his side’s exploits and backed his boys to go all the way in the competition. “The boys deserve it. They have worked really hard,” said Zwane. “They have been pushing themselves. They promised that they want to be in the final and win it for themselves, the supporters and the club. “We won’t look back. We are on the right track and we have picked up some momentum. I think we are creating a lot of chances, and we only have to work on our finishing going into the semi-finals.” Chiefs next face bottom side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) in what will now be a dead rubber at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (10am). Zwane has promised to give some of his fringe players a chance to get some minutes. “We have the last game against TTM. We will give a chance to the younger players who haven’t had a chance to play enough,” added Zwane. “We will take all the 16-year-old boys down to Polokwane for the match, which will also help us prepare for next season because these boys have to be ready.”