THE amapiano duo that took over Mzansi when they released their hit song Sofa Silahlane are back with another banger. Team Mosha have released a new single titled Abafazi and it’s already an anthem. Speaking to SunBuzz, duo member Mantshane Malala said the song is inspired by what is happening around Mzansi. “Abafazi is an amazing song that addresses most of the issues that we witness in the streets, such as that many guys have side chicks who are keeping them awake and away at night from their true loved ones,” he said. The Mamelodi-born musician said it is the lead single on their album Expect the Unexpected, which they released in March this year and features musical giants such as Dr Malinga and Mapara A Jazz. “Working on the song was amazing and I hope it is well received,” he said. ALSO READ: DEFIANT SIBONGILE MNGOMA WINS AWARD! “We experimented a lot with it as well as the album. “We have worked with a lot of different producers, some who are up-and-coming, to find a fresh new sound so that we do not sound the same and appeal to today’s market. “The amapiano genre is always evolving. It’s no longer about creating gimmick songs to party. Amapiano songs have become musical and they carry a message,” he said. Many musical duos over the years have gone their separate ways and the Sama award-winning group member said having mutual respect is very important in ensuring that a group lasts. “Having respect and being considerate to my fellow group member is the recipe to this group’s success. “Although we have our creative differences, we never throw away the respect that we have for one another because it is what brought us here today and to be as big as we are today. “I understand that in life there might come a point when one feels like they want to create their own brand and launch their solo career, but that should be done on good terms not leaving the other with a sour taste in their mouth.” Team Mosha’s new single and album are available at all digital platforms.