IT was a bit uncomfortable for suspended ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule this week when the Free State provincial structure was freed from his shackles with the appointment of an interim leadership led by his nemesis, Mxolisi Dukwana. This is the first time since 1994 that suspended Magashule won’t have any influence in the provincial leadership of the Free State since the disbandment of the provincial executive committee. The Supreme Court of Appeal annulled the ANC Free State conference that saw his allies emerging victorious. The ANC national working committee following its meeting this week announced his bitter rival Dukwana as the convener of the interim task team although his faction still has the majority of members. The announcement could be another signal that the Magashule faction is waning. ALSO READ: PICS: MEET KASIS PALM READER! https://www.dailysun.co.za/News/pics-meet-kasis-palm-reader-20210527  As the ground was shifting in his home province, deputy secretary Jessie Duarte filed court papers opposing his application to challenge his suspension. The stage is now set for a showdown where some of the country’s top legal minds will be battling it out in the South Gauteng High Court on 1 June. In court papers, Duarte has described Magashule’s bid as absurd and incoherent as he was part of making the rules and resolutions and is now challenging them as they don’t suit his personal position. “His suspension is not a disciplinary step. It’s entirely preventative, pending a court process following the indictment of a member. There’s no right of appeal or review of a suspension,” Duarte says in court papers. ALSO READ: PICS: MEET KASIS PALM READER! It’s understood some party members, who’ve stepped aside in accordance with the NEC amended resolution, have also filed affidavits in support of the ANC’s case. Some legal minds have expressed doubt that the ANC has a legal leg to stand on. Former party treasurer, Mathews Phosa, said it was good this process was tested in a court of law. Magashule continues to defy and violate the suspension restrictions by speaking out against the move, notably when addressing followers of former president Jacob Zuma outside the Pietermaritzburg High Court. There was talk that the national working committee would recommend decisive action against Magashule when it met on Monday but instead it resolved that he, NEC member Tony Yengeni and MKMVA spokesman Carl Niehaus should be investigated for misconduct and sowing divisions. ALSO READ: ANOTHER BIG LOSS ON THE QUEEN! It’s said that those aligned with President Cyril Ramaphosa wanted a harsher and decisive action against Magashule but were warned that it could spark a further legal challenge. But the Free State structures, now in the hands of Dukwana – who in his testimony at the State Capture Inquiry described Magashule as “blesser to many” – will not be running the show. Magashule’s strength lies in mobilising branches, especially in his home province, but with allies now suspended this could prove tricky. While his allies have taken the matter to the Constitutional Court, the ANC NEC has gone ahead and disbanded the PEC and established an interim structure.