Barely a month in the music industry, Mzansi's newest sensation, Big Xhosa, has left his fans in shock. The talented rapper, whose real name is Sesethu Myeki, took to social media to announce his decision to quit music. “F**k rap! I have better things to do,” he captioned a video of himself fixing cars. In the video the rapper who shook up things with his diss track Ninyile, which fired shots at some of Mzansi’s hip hop heavyweights, can be heard saying he’s found his true calling. “People, Big Xhosa is quitting music. I’ve found my true calling. I don’t like things that don’t bring me peace, so no more music from my side. It was good,” he said. “It was fun but it wasn’t fair because bendibanyisa. I was about to say it was fair, but it was never fair. I’ve left. Music industry, I’ll see you. I’m busy now fixing cars, my true calling.” The video comes weeks after the rapper told Daily Sun that since the release of his diss track, big record labels were after him. He said at the time he was enjoying his newfound fame. ALSO READ: JACK MABASO LAID TO REST! “I’ve been meeting with a lot of music executives because some labels are after me and, at the moment, I can’t share which label I’d like to join,” he said. “But what I can say is that I haven’t signed anything as I enjoy being an independent artist and the creative freedom that comes with it.” He told the People’s Paper at tthe time he was planning to release a project soon. “I’ve not decided yet whether it will be a full album or an EP to introduce myself officially. I’m honestly enjoying my newfound fame and I hope I last in this industry as it is tough,” he told Daily Sun previously. Explaining his love of music Big Xhosa, who’s had a tough childhood, said music has been an escape for him. “Musically, I draw inspiration from a lot of artists including AKA, Drake and Kanye West, to mention a few.” “And to be honest, music has been an escape for me from the harsh realities I had to go through while growing up.” He came, he saw, I don't know if he conquered, but he's out... Big Xhosa quits music ??????????????SASSA / #bonang / ribs / #ThirdWave pic.twitter.com/QwsLPmxA4G 