ALL HE wants is to play soccer, but a tokoloshe is threatening to ruin his chance of making it big. This is because the tokoloshe kicks the ball for him, making him the laughing stock of the team. The 25-year-old from Villa Lizza, Ekurhuleni, now wants help to get rid of it. He told Daily Sun it all started at soccer practice in February. “I’d try to kick the ball, but it would go sideways and I felt something heavy on my shoulders,” he said. He said they had a big game at Dawn Park and he was convinced everything would be fine. But when he tried to pass the ball it flew off the field and people laughed. ALSO READ: SON ROBS OWN FAMILY! “My teammates even stopped passing me the ball. I spoke to the coach, who said he’d seen this before and advised me to see a sangoma,” he said. The young man said the sangoma told him he’s cursed with a tokoloshe that loves soccer. “She gave me muthi to sprinkle around the house and some to bath with. I was told everything will be good when I go back to the field,” he said. But the problem continued. “I was so angry and a part of me kept hoping things would be better,” he said. His dad (55) felt bad for his son and didn’t know what to do. “I hate seeing him like this. Everyone ekasi knows he’s a star and I can’t imagine how he’s feeling right now. We really need help,” said the father. Daily Sun spoke to the coach, who said another player had a similar problem seven years ago. “I don’t know what happened to him because he left town and we lost contact,” he said. “I just know this does happen and he’ll need help.” Sangoma Dungamanzi said his bones showed a tokoloshe is playing soccer with the young man. ALSO READ: SOLLY MSIMANGA MOERED! “I’ve dealt with this kind of thing before. Some are more stubborn than others, but we’ll definitely get rid of it. He should come see me. We’ll fix this,” said Dungamanzi. Daily Sun spoke to a teammate (26) who’s also a friend. He said at first he laughed at him thinking his friend is just getting banana feet. But as time went by it got worse and he realised that something was definitely wrong. “When he told me about it I felt bad because I didn’t think it would be this deep,” he said. “I just hope he’ll find help and get back to the field.”