The fraud
trial against self-proclaimed prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife Mary has
been postponed pending the outcome of their extradition hearing. The
Bushiris, who were meant to go on trial in the Gauteng High Court in Pretoria
for fraud, money laundering and the contravention of the Prevention of
Organised Crime Act, are still on the run. The charges
related to offences they allegedly committed in 2015, which included the
contravention of exchange control regulations and involved foreign currency of
$1 147 200 (around R15 million at the time), News24 reported previously. The State
asked that the matter be postponed provisionally to 1 November as both accused
were still in Malawi. On the run The
Bushiris fled South Africa in November last year, just days after being granted
bail in relation to another criminal case against them. In this
matter, Bushiri, his wife and three other co-accused face multiple charges of
fraud, theft, and money laundering in relation to an investment scam that
allegedly defrauded investors to the tune of R102 million. The couple
were released on bail of R200 000 each with strict conditions attached. As per
their bail conditions, the Bushiris were barred from travelling outside of
South Africa and had to hand their passports over to the investigating officer. While it is
not yet known how they managed to leave the country, Bushiri, in a statement,
claimed that he left South Africa because of safety and security issues. He also
claimed that the trial against him was biased and that he and his wife were
being persecuted, not prosecuted. Bushiri
demanded that his bail not be revoked, that government ensure his protection
and that the investigating officer be removed from the case before he would be
willing return to South Africa. Extradition An
extradition hearing is currently under way to have the Bushiris brought back to
South Africa to face trial in the two separate matters. News24
reported in April that the Lilongwe Magistrate's Court in Malawi denied the
Bushiris' bid to have a request for their extradition dismissed or to have the
issue of the SADC (Southern African Development Community) Protocol referred to
the Constitutional Court. The attempt
to derail the extradition process was dismissed after the court ruled that the
SADC Protocol could not be used in Malawi. The court
further stated that the case could not be dismissed and should proceed based on
bilateral agreements between Malawi and South Africa. South
Africa applied for the extradition, which was received by the Malawi government
in December. The matter
is due back in court on 4 June. SOUCE:
NEWS24 