KAIZER Chiefs head into arguably their biggest match of the season low in confidence owing to their deteriorating league form. The Glamour Boys, who have endured a treacherous season on the domestic front, turn their attention to the Caf Champions League this weekend. They host Tanzanian giants Simba SC at the FNB Stadium on Saturday (3pm) in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal. Amakhosi will look to continue their trend of having done well in the competition despite their struggles in domestic football. They have so far been able to keep their league struggles from impacting their performances in continental football this season. As a result, they have made club history by reaching the last eight of Africa’s premier club competition. Their embattled mentor, Gavin Hunt, is fully aware that a positive result in the tie against Simba would go a long way in salvaging their season. It would also ease the mounting pressure and scrutiny on him in what he has described as his “worst season in 27 years as a coach.” His side were held to a 1-1 draw in the DStv Premiership by Swallows FC on Wednesday, further denting their chances of finishing in the top eight. As things stand, Amakhosi are in 10th place on the Premiership standings with 30 points from 27 matches. They only have three more league matches remaining to push for a top-eight finish. Hunt was not pleased that his side had to play against the Birds a mere three days before their big clash against Simba. “I don’t think anyone else in the quarterfinals is playing (midweek),” said Hunt. “I don’t think it was ideal for us to have to play on Wednesday when we have a Champions League quarter-final on Saturday. “But it is what it is and we will have to dust ourselves off and go again on Saturday. “We don’t know much about Simba. We’ve watched them a few times on tape and we will do that again before we find out who is available for the match.” Amakhosi’s opponents Simba, in contrast to Chiefs, are on a good run of form having lost one match in their last 18 matches in all competitions. That defeat came at the hands of Pitso Mosimane’s Al Ahly in the final Group match of the Champions League. Simba, however, still managed to finish top and Chiefs defender Reeve Frosler is expecting a tough encounter against the Tanzanian outfit. “I think we’ve got a good chance because no one knew much about us in the Champions League, and we are regarded as underdogs,” said Frosler. “We will keep doing our best. You will never know what could happen.”