KAIZER Chiefs coach Gavin Hunt is not getting carried away by his side’s impressive win in the Caf Champions League and insists that the job is only half done. The Glamour Boys once again put their domestic struggles aside as they thumped Tanzania giants Simba SC 4-0 in the first leg of the quarterfinal at FNB Stadium on Saturday. Amakhosi now have one foot in the semifinals of Africa’s premier club competition, which would be a huge achievement in a season that has been filled with disappointment on the domestic front. Hunt’s men are currently in danger of missing out on a top-eight finish in the DStv Premiership – currently languishing in ninth spot with 30 points from 27 matches. But in the Champions League, the Soweto giants have been a different animal, displaying sterling performances that have led to an impressive run. Hunt, who has described this season as his worst in his 27 years as a coach, will be eager to turn it around by going as deep as possible in the Champions League. He believes his team is more suited to continental football than they are domestically where they have struggled. “I said some time ago that the Champions League is a competition that is more suited for the type of players we have,” added Hunt. “It’s a much slower game, much more predictable game. It’s more methodical.” Despite their healthy lead against Simba, Hunt insists the job is not done yet and his side can’t afford to let complacency creep in. They will be looking to finish the job in the second leg set to take place at Benjamin Mkapa National Stadium in Dar es Salaam on Saturday (3pm). “It’s only half time,” said Hunt. “We have to go there and finish the job. I expect a much bigger fight. But we still have to go there and get a result. I know what it’s like there. It’s going to be crazy. They will have a full crowd backing them so we have to be clever. We can’t be negative. We just have to be clever. “But I’m proud of the team, I’m sure we will go again on Saturday. We have to try and score at least one there. I know they will raise their game. They are a big club and their pride is at stake. We have to put this to bed, go back to training and work on the things we have to fix going into the second leg.”