Kelly Khumalo’s reality show, Life With Kelly Khumalo, has been renewed for another season. Popular streaming service Showmax has released a trailer for the much-loved show, and new episodes will be released every Thursday from 13 May. This announcement follows just a week after the show was nominated for a South African Film and Television Award for Best Soap Structured Reality TV Show, where it’s only competition is two other Showmax originals: Lebo M: Coming Home and Somizi & Mohale: The Union. Speaking to Daily Sun, Showmax head of content Candice Fangueiro said fans have been asking for season 2 of the show since it first aired in August. “So we’re delighted to be able to deliver it nine months later. “Life With Kelly Khumalo became the fastest Showmax original to top one million views, so renewing the series was an easy decision to make.” Based on the new trailer, the two biggest talking points this season will be Kelly starting to date again and the return of her mother, Ntombi Khumalo. “I’m not in a relationship. I am playing with someone,” the singer can be heard saying. ALSO READ | POPULAR DJ: 'I CHEATED, HUMILATED MY GIRLFRIEND PUBLICLY' Since her last public break-up, Kelly has shied away from matters of the heart and channelled all her energy into being a mother, musician and businesswoman. The sudden disappearance of Kelly’s mum in season 1 left her heartbroken and confused. After Kelly asked about her biological father, Ntombi abruptly left for KZN. They drifted even further apart over Kelly’s ongoing feud with her younger sister, Zandile. But in the season 2 trailer, Kelly suggests a visit to a psychologist with her mum. “She is the only family member I have left. I feel like I owe it to myself and my children to try and make this work,” said Kelly. According to executive producer Legend Manqele and founder of The BarLeader, in the new season Kelly is going through a healing process. “Kelly is trying to take in everything at her own pace. But in the same breath, the answers she was seeking have now opened up more questions that need answering, which not only affects her but also her kids in the long run.” Despite everything she went through in season 1, Kelly said she found it empowering to open her life up to her fans via reality TV. “My reality show is my way of owning my reality and embracing who I am,” she says. “What I’ve learnt is that it gives me power to own my story. No one can ever use my story against me because I have owned it. This is me, who I am, whether good or bad.” The 13-part series starts screening next Thursday, 13 May and the full second season will be available to binge from 5 August this year. A post shared by Showmax (@showmaxonline) 