AMAZULU are at the top of the DStv Premiership table! Usuthu defeated city rivals Golden Arrows 1-0 in the highly anticipated Durban Derby at Sugar Ray Xulu Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Luvuyo Memela scored the only goal before the interval to see Usuthu move two points clear of the stuttering Mamelodi Sundowns. AmaZulu have now accumulated 50 points, but they have played three games more over Sundowns. This is the first time the club is in this position, as they seek their first league title since 1972 when they were known as Zulu Royals. Despite the only goal scored, it was the game that so much was said and happened prior. Arrows coach Mandla Ncikazi accused Durban media of cherishing AmaZulu’s form that you would swear they are working for the club. Ncikazi added that he felt disrespected by this. This after his side held log leaders Sundowns in Pretoria midweek, helping AmaZulu to close the gap to the Tshwane giants after thumping Cape Town City 5-1. Things were also not so calm either in the AmaZulu camp. News broke that Safa has in principle agreed with coach McCarthy to take over as the next Bafana Bafana and the announcement will be made by the association this coming week. But AmaZulu started the better of the two. Home ‘keeper Sifiso Mlungwa firstly pushed Luvuyo Memela’s shot. This game showed that it was two teams who have gone for while undefeated this season as they were cancelling each other out. Arrows came to this match unbeaten in nine league matches while Usuthu were 15 games. But Memela changed things before half time. He riffled the ball just outside the box after quick give and go with Augustine Mulenga to beat Mlungwana. It was deserved goal for AmaZulu, as they were stronger in creating chances. Majoro, who is now level with Memela on eight league goals, should have made it two but he left McCarthy kicking himself. The former Orlando Pirates striker missed a one on one situation in the 64th minute, following the brilliant break. Arrows tried to get back into the game, hitting the post late, but found Usuthu resolute at the back, led by the returnee captain Mbongeni Gumede at the back. This was sweet revenge for AmaZulu, they lost 2-0 Arrows in the reverse fixture in December last year. It was the game McCarthy was in the stands as he was just appointed few days before. AmaZulu is slowly pulling away over their city rivals too. In 26 meetings between the two, they have won 13 while Arrows have won 10.