Royal AM are almost home and dry! Their president Shauwn “MaMkhize” Mkhize has warned her players that they cannot let it slip now. Just a point this Sunday against Cape Town All Stars in their final GladAfrica Championship will guarantee the Kwa-Zulu Natal rookies automatic promotion to the PSL. Chaired by MaMkhize's son, Andile, they are in a fierce battle for automatic promotion with fellow high-riders and the consistent, Sekhukhune United, with just three points separating them now.  AM hung on to the top spot on the Championship table after they came from behind to beat University of Pretoria 2-1 at the Tuks Stadium on Sunday. MaMkhize, after the game in Pretoria, shed tears of joy after the businesswoman having pumped millions into football, after buying Real Kings' status at the start of the season. AM are on 50 points after 29 games - three points ahead Sekhukhune - heading into the last match. “I know we have done well at home, but if you look at us, the whole of this season we have lost only five games,” she said. “We must make sure that we're focused and don’t take anything for granted... this is a game of football. “Yes, it is in our hands, we are willing to fight for everything. We have been fighting. The time we were beaten by Richards Bay (last month), they given me courage to fight and not take things easy.  “I told them that I'll come and give everything (support) to the team in our remaining six games. And since then we won four games and (only) drew one. We have never lost the game.” MamMkhize has every right to be cautious considering her previous club, which she co-owned with ex-husband Sbu Mpisane, Royal Eagles, finished second at the end of 2018-19 season when they needed to win at all costs and hoped Stellenbosch FC lose. Eagles could not beat Ubuntu Cape Town while Stellenbosch won theirs to clinch the title at the end of the season. On the verge of winning the #GladAfricaChampionship and securing automatic promotion to the DStv Premiership, MaMkhize could not contain her excitement after Royal AM secured a dramatic win over Tuks ?? pic.twitter.com/xnTitRrXkv 