PITSO Mosimane has courted controversy ahead of arguably one of his biggest games as coach of Al Ahly. The outspoken Ahly coach has been slapped with a fine for “hate speech”, following his comments about the tight fixture list in the Egyptian Premier League. But the 20 thousand Egyptian pounds fine will barely distract him when he faces the “monster” he created, Mamelodi Sundowns in a potentially explosive Caf Champions League quarter-finals tie in Cairo on Saturday (9pm, SA time) The Egyptian FA has subsequently fined Mosimane 20 thousand Egyptian pounds (R17 990) for his controversial comments in a press conference. Shortly after their taxing Cairo derby against Zamalek on Monday, Mosimane bemoaned the jammed fixture list in Egypt, knowing the effects big back-to-back games could have on a team. “They (Sundowns) are resting, we are playing. So, what does it mean to you?” said Mosimane. “If I had my way because Ahly is the only team that is playing in the Caf Champions League representing Egypt, we would protect Ahly. We don’t put (on) the game of Zamalek, most especially when Sundowns are pushing their games back. We didn’t even rest. But it is the way it is in Egypt. But one day more, one day less… it doesn’t mean that we will lose the pressure. But, yes of course the conditions are different.” The epic Champions League fixture couldn’t have come at the worst time, as Mosimane battles critics, who have started to lay into him for below-par performances in the Egyptian Premier League. But forget about the league now. Mosimane faces the Champions League beast he created in his seven years with Sundowns … and this he has acknowledged as much. “I created a monster and it’s here to bite me. Sundowns are a good team,” Mosimane said after their 1-1 league draw against Zamalek on Monday. “It’s okay, it’s football. I saw Pep Guardiola playing against Barcelona when he was at Bayern and he lost to Barcelona. I hope I don’t lose to Sundowns,” Mosimane. It goes without saying that Mosimane thrives under Champions League pressure, the competition which helped establish his footprint on the continent. In fact, it was his achievements with Sundowns that caught the eye of the Egyptians, having once guided his Tshwane side to a famous 5-0 win. Downs will rely heavily on the scoring prowess of striker Peter Shalulile and midfielder Themba Zwane to upset Mosimane.