FORMER minerals resources minister Mosebenzi Zwane has denied his trip to India in 2012 was paid for by the Guptas. He told the Zondo Commission yesterday he didn’t know how his name was included in the names among the choir members who were taken to that country by the Guptas. Zwane, who was the MEC of agriculture in Free State at the time, said the trip was approved and funded by the department for him to lure investors. He said his name could have been included in the choir arrangements because he had given his phone to an official in his department to help choir organiser, Mfanafuthi Thomo, to liaise with trip organisers. He said Thomo didn’t have an email account and he used Zwane’s gmail account. He said allegations that he owned the choir were not true but said he was involved in its establishment. He said it was a coincidence that he travelled on the same flight, stayed for more or less the same time and dined at the Gupta house in India on the same day. ALSO READ: AKA
PUTS BIG PERFORMANCE ON ICE! Zwane said the purpose of the trip was to meet three provincial ministers of agriculture in India and visit Paras dairy premises, a Gupta-linked company that was going to train beneficiaries of the Vrede dairy project. The project was conceived by Zwane in 2011 to help emerging black farmers. The provincial government set aside R342 million for the project. However, R30 million of that money allegedly ended up funding the Guptas’ lavish Sun City wedding in 2013. ALSO READ:
CHIEFS SNATCH TOP STRIKER! Zwane was asked why he visited Paras when the department’s contract was with local dairy company, Estina. “I didn’t know that. I only found out about it after I had left the department,” he said. Commission chairman Deputy Chief justice Raymond Zondo said the director-general in the premier’s office, the treasury and the HOD in Zwane’s department were aware the contract was with Estina. “How is it possible that somehow the MEC, whose project this was, didn’t know about the involvement of Estina?” asked Zondo.