Since the
beginning of service delivery protests in Mangaung, Free State police have
arrested 19 people for alleged public violence and looting of foreign-owned
shops this week. The shops
were looted on Monday evening. Protesters
used burning tyres, stones and debris to block several roads. According
to police spokesperson Brigadier Motantsi Makhele, it was reported that about
13 shops had been looted. "The
situation is still tense, and police deployments were beefed up to make sure
that we bring calmness into the area. [An] appeal is made to the community to
refrain from looting the shops and any act of public violence, as they will
face [the] full might of the law," Makhele said. Makhele
added that a 57-year-old security guard arrested in connection with the murder
of a teenage boy was expected to appear in the Bloemfontein Magistrate's Court
on Wednesday. The
15-year-old boy was shot dead during the protests on Monday. Looting #MangaungShutDown pic.twitter.com/NcSWIDGNVb  Makhele
said it was alleged that the incident happened when a group of protesters
attacked a warehouse in Dr Belcher Road, Bloemfontein. A shop being looted in Bochabela#MangaungshutDown pic.twitter.com/osYcS3yfTp  "The
security guard, who was alone at the time, fired a shot in a quest to scare the
mob but unfortunately hit a 15-year-old boy," Makhele said. The teenager
died on the scene. Meanwhile,
a Mangaung Municipality resident said they were tired of a
"dysfunctional" management and demand change, News24 reported. Tryres burning in Thaba Nchu next to Engen Garage and OK Complex #MangaungShutdown pic.twitter.com/KaQTu0Q7cu  Community
forum Mangaung Community Concern (MCC) said they decided to raise their
concerns after the municipality failed to keep its promise to decrease the
unemployment rate. MCC
committee member Lili Tsoeu told News24 on Monday the municipality was
dysfunctional and had never served the community with what they expected as
residents. "There
seemingly hasn't been any response from the municipality regarding our cries
with regards to unemployment," she said. "We
expect them to ensure that the unemployment rate is reduced and that they
encourage local business empowerment." Tsoeu said
the municipality would meet Free State Premier Sisi Ntombela on Tuesday to
address the issues. SOURCE: NEWS24 