PSL chairman Irvin Khoza stressed the league has no problem allowing fans back to the stadiums, but they are simply following government protocols. He cautioned that, if they allow fans back and something goes wrong, they would be blamed. However, Khoza told the Parliament Portfolio in Sport that it is unfair to see crowds at political rallies, yet they can’t have a portion of fans in a controlled environment at the stadiums. The chairman has spoken to Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa, but the minister’s response that is government fears a third wave of the Covid-19 pandemic. “On the issue of fans back at the stadium, we don’t have a problem with that. At some stage I had to whisper to the minister that it’s important that fans want to come back to matches,” said Khoza. “But we have to abide by Sasrea Act in all PSL matches. You need at least about R200 000 to R500 000 to comply with it.” The Safety at Sports and Recreational Events Act (Sasrea), which came out for the 2010 World Cup by the government, aims to provide for measures to safeguard the physical well-being and safety of people and property at sports, recreational, religious, cultural, exhibitions, organisational, or similar events held at stadiums or venues. “These are government protocols. People must be aware that overseas supporters have been vaccinated,” added Khoza “We cannot take the risk at FNB (Stadium) with 90 000 supporters. All industries have never been asked for compliance like (we have) in football. “They don’t ask for vaccinations. We have to undergo rigorous testing. We spent over R100m for the bubble (to finish last season) to protect the safety of players, and luckily nothing happened during the bubble. “We had to make sure that we fulfilled the fixtures. It was tough for sponsors and they would have left (because they would cut their budgets). But it’s what it is. It was going to become the problem for sponsors.” Fans at the stadiums have not been allowed back since the Covid-19 pandemic broke out last March, leading to the end of the 2019-20 programme being suspended. When the season was eventually concluded in the biobubble secure environment in September last year after it resumed in August, fans weren’t allowed. But with the easing of the Covid-19 restrictions, the PSL is keen to have a portion of fans in a controlled environment. Journalists are also not allowed back at the stadium, which has restricted the dissemination of information straight from the match venue.