ACTRESS Zenande Mfenyane has joined a long list of new celebrity mums who, for the first time, are celebrating Mother’s Day. These include media personality Minnie Dlamini-Jones whose baby boy, Netha Makhosini Jones, was born in November last year. Actress and dancer Zikhona Sodlaka recently welcomed her bundle of joy, and has been sharing her experiences as a new mum. Last month, she penned a lengthy letter to herself and how becoming a mum has shaped her. TV and radio host Pearl Modiadie also became a first-time mum in September last year. She gave birth to baby Lewatle Olivier. Actress Simphiwe Ngema welcomed baby Tiyani Chinyani in July last year. ALSO READ | STEVE HARVEY COMES BACK AS FAMILY FEUD HOST Another excited first-time celeb mum is actress Omuhle Gela, who gave birth to a baby girl in September last year. Announcing the news on Instagram, she wrote: “My heart is full. God showed off and I see Him daily in you. The most perfect gift I’ve ever received in my entire existence …hi Minnie me.” Zenande could not hold back her joys of being a first-time mum on Sunday, 9 May. According to her tweet, the day has given her an opportunity to reflect on the meaning of love and motherhood. The tweet also reveals that, apart from being a new mum, she’s deeply in love with someone. “To think that there was a time I thought the love bus had left me soaked and alone at the bus stop, that I’d never find true love or be somebody’s mama...but mercy said NO! Just look at God now! My life is everything with these 2 people in my life. Happy 1st Mother’s Day to me,” she wrote. ALSO READ | UZALO: MXOLISI AND AYANDA NOT RETURNING Her fans were happy for her and liked her tweet more than 2 000 times, and asked her to reveal her baby daddy. Thandolezwe wrote: “This is such a beautiful affirmation. I was thinking the other day that your intentions really find a way to follow you, but it’s hard when one’s perspective is shaped by their immediate experiences, which sometimes suck. Honestly so, thank you for this.” Bongekile Radebe wrote: “So beautiful. So happy for you gorgeous. May that love remain in abundance in your journey. Happy first Mother’s Day to you.” To think that there was a time I thought the love bus had left me soaked and alone at the bus stop, that I’d never find true love or be somebody’s Mama...but mercy said NO! Just look at God now! My life is everything with these 2 people in my life. Happy 1st Mother’s Day to me ?? 