SINGER Berita has got herself a seat at the big table. The Ndicel’ikiss singer has joined the Recording Industry of South Africa as a board member. Berita, who shared the news on Wednesday, 26 May on social media, told the People’s Paper that she’ll use the time to make the music industry a better place for women. “This gives me the opportunity to use the experience I’ve acquired in the past nine years as a musician and the past three years as a record label owner for my label, Assali Music. There are challenges that are particularly faced by women in the music business. It’s challenges that our male counterparts don’t face in the same way. Simple things like being paid for their value or being paid fairly, whether as an executive in the industry or as an artist,” said Berita. “Women need to get fair shares, in terms of deals that they get. For example, not as many women own record labels or have a share of equity in the labels they’re under. And then once a female artist has reached their peak, they can’t sustain themselves anymore because they weren’t in deals that allowed them to have fair share in their music. And those are things I’d like to change,” she said. ALSO READ : GREGORY MAQOMA'S BACK TO DAZZLE IN THEATRE Speaking about some of her roles as a board member, she said: “Our role as board members is to govern RISA. Our members are record labels and artists who own record labels. We govern the running of the organisation and oversee the South African Music Awards and also protect the rights of record labels.” The singer said she knew of her appointment a few months ago, but attended her first board meeting on Wednesday, 26 May. “After my first meeting on Wednesday, I was familiarising myself with the organisation. What I’m pleased about is that I got the sense that the board is willing to listen to my ideas,” said the singer. Berita, who is passionate about helping women, also started an organisation called Women of The Music Business in November last year. “I’m doing this because of the challenges I faced in the industry and the opportunities I didn’t have. I’m trying to put together projects that will assist women from all walks of life, and across the African continent,” she said. Berita's appointment will total the number of females on the board to four. She will be working alongside music bosses such as Sean Watson,  Arthur Mafokate, Rob Cowling, Andrew Mitchley,  Manusha Sarawan-Moodley, Sipho Dlamini, Refiloe Ramogase, Tracy Fraser, Vusi Leeuw, Gugulethu Khumalo, Thobela Dlamini, Carol Mhlongo. 