AMAZULU coach, Benni McCarthy, has settled for a top two finish in Usuthu’s quest to secure their Caf Champions League berth next season. Victory against Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium on Thursday afternoon (5pm), will guarantee them a top two finish as they will jump to 53 points, which is unassailable for third-placed Golden Arrows. Arrows can only end season on 52 points, should they win their remaining two matches. AmaZulu are on a neck-and-neck for the championship with headers Mamelodi Sundowns, who still have a number of matches to pay, while McCarthy’s side, after today’s game against Pirates, will be left with just two to complete the season on 5 June. “We’ve got it in our own hands and it will depend on how serious we are to launch a serious fight,” said McCarthy, whose side are second on the table with 50 points – seven clear of 4th-placed Pirates who have a game in hand, after 27 games. However, McCarthy said it is not ideal that they haven’t played in 16 days while Pirates, his former club, have played two tough games in the form of the Caf Confederation Cup against Raja Casablanca. But he’s hopeful that they’ll be fresh when they tackle the inconsistent Pirates, who have been blowing hot and cold this season. Usuthu’s last game was a 1-0 loss to Baroka FC at the King Zwelithini Stadium on 11 May, which saw them end their 16 league matches unbeaten streak, a record for the club. For Pirates, they also played on that day, and they secured a goalless draw against Stellenbosch. “I know now it is too late to challenge Sundowns, but we have to do it for ourselves, we have to do for fans, our faithfuls, that it wasn’t by chance that we played the football we played and matches that we won,” said McCarthy. “We have worked exceptionally hard, with the sacrifices that we have made. Hopefully on Thursday the boys will have the same desire and hunger to win in securing that second place finish.” A win for Usuthu in Orlando will surely end Bucs’ chances of finishing second, which will then rule them out of Africa’s premier club competition. But Usuthu, who drew 1-1 with Pirates in Durban in the reverse fixture, haven’t won at Orlando Stadium since the venue was reopened in 2008. Usuthu’s last league win over Pirates was August 2013 (1-0), but that match was played at FNB Stadium when Bongani Ndulula scored a decisive goal. McCarthy, despite saying it was not ideal to have not played this long, said it has given him time to work on a few things to surprise Pirates. “I hope the boys will be fresh and ready, hungry because these three games are like a cup final for us,” said McCarthy, who won the treble with the Soweto giants in 2011-12 season.