POPULAR sangoma Mkhulu Romeo Malepe is concerned about how dirty rivers and dams are. He shared his concerns on social media and emphasised that izangoma were the main reason rivers were dirty. So, he started an initiative to clean the Kliprivier in the hope that it would send a positive message to other izangoma. “It’s funny how a lot of izangoma preach about cleanliness but do the opposite when they go to rivers,” said Mkhulu Romeo. “After doing whatever you went there to do, take whatever is left and throw it in the bins.” He said it was disturbing that some izangoma gave their clients that very same dirty water to drink. He urged clients to question their sangoma about cleanliness. But other izangoma said this was not how the spiritual world worked. Gogo Matshidiso said izangoma could not cleanse people and then take those things with them. “You’re there to cleanse someone and get rid of all the bad things that have been happening in their life. So it’s only natural to let that flow with the water,” she said. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi said he had never heard of any clients drinking water from the river, but knew of people who drank from caves or waterfalls. “We won’t cleanse people and take those things with us – it doesn’t make sense. Mkhulu Romeo still has a lot to learn in the spiritual world,” said Dungamanzi. Gogo Nomqcibelo Maweni said she had never heard of izangoma cleaning rivers and didn’t understand why a young man was coming up with such rules. “I don’t think I’d feel okay as one of his client if he takes my old clothes with him when we leave the river. “As a client, I’m there to leave all that behind. So it would be weird if we take those things with us,” she said. Daily Sun also spoke to Muhle Magama, who’s been cleansed in the Kliprivier. She said taking the candles and everything else wouldn’t make sense and would make her feel that her life was back at square one. “I’m there to have all the bad removed from my body. So I obviously want all that to flow with the river. I don’t agree with what Mkhulu Romeo is trying to achieve. It’s like he’s bringing science into the spiritual world,” said Muhle.