COSAS picketed outside a school yesterday in solidarity with a matric pupil alleged to have stolen school materials. Cosas political commissar Thabiso Mahlaula said the SGB at Tebogwane High School in Ga-Rankuwa, Tshwane, was victimising pupils. “We refuse to see our pupils being victims of corporal punishment and verbal abuse at the hands of the SGB, and we can’t have an SGB working towards destroying the future of pupils rather than building it,” he said. Mahlaula said the organisation was defending a 19-year-old, who was accused of stealing hard drives and was at Kgosi Mampuru Correctional Services. Cosas wanted the SGB to say why the pupil was taken to prison and not put through disciplinary procedures in line with the school code of conduct. “We see the SGB didn’t think about the future of the pupil when he was sent to prison without the knowledge of his parents,” he said. Mahlaula said the SGB even opened cases against parents and concerned community members who went to the school to inquire about the matter. “We are not supporting pupils who take part in criminal activities, but we believe in second chances as we all make mistakes,” he said. Cosas was supported by parents and residents in its call for the education department to dissolve the SGB with immediate effect. They wanted the charges against the pupil to be dropped and for him to go through a disciplinary hearing. The pupil’s cousin said she wanted her cousin to be released so he could continue with his school work. Gauteng Education Department spokesman Steve Mabona said he was aware a pupil was arrested outside the school premises on 12 May. He said a case of theft was opened in line with policy, and the principal pleaded for the pupil to be kept at the police station. But the magistrate transferred him to prison. Mabona said the pupil appeared in court on 14 May and was due back on 31 May. He said the department could not interfere with the justice system. “It is important to note that all theft has to be reported and a case number be issued so that the school can write lost items off, especially if they are not recovered,” he said. Mabona said the ICT co-ordinator reported the case and not the SGB.