THE movement fighting gender-based violence, Women For Change, has called on radio and TV stations, as well as streaming platforms, to stop playing AKA’s music. The movement started a campaign called #MuteAKA on social media. This after some believed the rapper was allegedly abusive towards his late fiancee, Anele “Nelli” Tembe, who fell to her death a month ago. The founder of the movement, Sabrina Walter, told Daily Sun they believed justice must be served. “There was a huge outcry after news broke that AKA was allegedly abusive towards Nellie, especially from victims of gender-based violence. “So we did what we always do in such cases and followed up on the story to try to find justice.” ALSO READ: SKEEM SAAM CHANGING THINGS UP! Sabrina said AKA shouldn’t get special treatment just because he’s a celebrity. She said they were still trying to create awareness and hadn’t taken steps to approach any radio or TV stations or streaming platforms. “To make ourselves clear, we don’t condemn AKA as guilty in this particular tragedy. But as civil society, it’s our duty to address violence against women in general.” Sabrina said they were standing up because they know the justice system doesn’t always come through for victims of abuse. “The police haven’t been helpful to a lot of victims,” she said. Rudolph Baloyi, senior associate at Mabuza Attorneys, responded on behalf of AKA. He said the rapper’s fame has kept him from mourning like a normal person would and the allegations in news reports have hindered his healing. “Before the great artist he is, he’s also human, a father, a son, a brother,” said Baloyi. “He’s grateful to the Megacy, his family and friends for all the wonderful and immeasurable support during this dark time.” ALSO READ: AKA: OUR SECRETS USED AGAINST ME! He also said they’re aware of #MuteAKA and they’re disappointed. “We’re aware and are rather disappointed that there have been no attempts to hear his side of the story in relation to the narrative currently being portrayed on social media and by the media. “Mr Forbes takes the current events playing out since this past Sunday seriously. It’s regrettable that he and his brand are now associated with GBV. “However, he assures his fans and the public that he’s not a perpetrator of GBV. In due time he’ll respond fully to all questions and queries. Currently, the situation is heavy on him and his family as a whole.” He said AKA promises his fans, South African women and the country that he will be open and transparent.