The
Pietermaritzburg High Court has sentenced a 34-year-old man to 18 years behind
bars for killing his sister's partner. Mbukiswa
Mkhize was sentenced on Monday after he pleaded guilty to killing 54-year-old
Zamokuhle Ndlovu in Thembalihle on 6 October 2019. According
to police spokesperson Colonel Thembeka Mbele, he made several court
appearances after his arrest in 2019. Mbele said
Ndlovu was in her home when an "unknown man" entered and opened fire. He was hit
in his stomach and neck, and paramedics declared him dead on the scene. "A
case of murder was opened at Mountain Rise SAPS for further investigation.
Following a lengthy investigation conducted by the investigating officer
assigned to the docket, and a breakthrough was made," Mbele said. She added
that Ndlovu had been traced and arrested in December 2019. Mbele said
investigations showed that Mkhize killed Ndlovu because his sister was
allegedly a victim of domestic violence. In an
unrelated case last week, the same court also sentenced 29-year-old Scelo
Ndondo Zuma to three life terms for three murders, 15 years for robbery, 15
years for unlawful possession of a firearm, and three years for illegal
possession of ammunition. Midnight This after
38-year-old Copesville shop owner Arnold Cassim, 38 was attacked by three men
on 18 April 2019 just after midnight. Police
spokesperson Captain Nqobile Gwala said the men had stolen cash, cigarettes,
airtime vouchers and cellphones from the owner at gunpoint. The victim
was shot multiple times and was declared dead at the scene. A woman,
identified as Rorisang Makoetjie, was in the vicinity during the incident and
was also fatally wounded. The armed
robbers fled the scene on foot, police said. "Charges
of murder and robbery were opened for investigation at Mountain Rise SAPS. On
the same day, the same robbers proceeded to Swapo to assassinate a woman that
witnessed the incident. Alina Tsiko, 21, was fatally shot in the head and
another murder case was opened. "The
investigation conducted by the investigation officer led him to Hanniville in
Pietermaritzburg where Scelo Ndondo, 29, was placed under arrest. During his
arrest, the accused was in possession of an illegal firearm with 15 rounds of
ammunition. "The
recovered firearm was positively linked to all the three murders. The other two
accused - Mfunso Zuma Sibisi 26, and Zain Khwashube, 34, were also traced and
arrested at Hanniville in 2019." All the
suspects went on trial, and Mfundo pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 25 years
for Cassim's murder and 20 years each for the other two counts of murder. "The
sentences will run concurrently. The case against Zain Mkhwashube is still
pending at High court. He will appear before the Pietermaritzburg High Court on
10 May 2021 for trial," Gwala said. SOURCE:
NEWS24 