SAFA have confirmed that Bafana Bafana will play a friendly match against Uganda next month, as SunSport recently revealed. The match, according to the Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe, will be played on the 10th  June in South Africa. This match will see assistant coach Cedomir “Cede” Janevski, North of Macedonia, who lost the Cyprus cup final this past weekend in his previous club Olympiakos Nicosia, being in charge and assisted by the South African second assistant coach which Safa said will be revealed today. Coach Hugo Broos won’t be available for this match as he will return home in Belgium for the second jab of Covid-19 vaccination after getting the first jab also in Belgium.“We have finalized the friendly match for Bafana. Bafana will be playing their first friendly match under the guidance of coach Hugo and that match will be against Uganda here in South Africa on the 10thof June,” said Motlanthe at the press conference at Safa House to reveal a variety of things. “Immediately after the end of the 2020-21 season, we will start the camp. But the details of that camp the coach will come and share with you as he announced his team to go and play.” Safa, in coming up with a friendly match, this after Caf and Fifa postponed all the 2022 World Cup qualifiers, set to be played next month, now scheduled in September. This was due to the current challenges brought in by Covid-19 and the constant struggle the continent is facing to get the optimal playing conditions. Also, Banyana will play a friendly against The Netherlands on 3 July. Just like Bafana, Desiree Ellis’ side was denied an opportunity to play African Women Cup (AWC) qualifiers against Mozambique in the first round in June. Theirs will now take place in October. “Banyana, on the 3rd of July, has been invited to the Netherlands,” said Motlanthe. “This is part of their preparations (of their AWC) and the coach will announce the team and will know the team, their programs. We will not have a team that is idle, but they are preparing for those Afcon qualifiers.” This will be the second time in less than three years Banyana play against the Netherlands. Safa brought The Orange in January 2019 in the inaugural Winnie Madikizela-Mandela Challenge in Cape Town. Banyana lost 2-1 at Cape Town Stadium.