TSHAKHUMA Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) coach Dylan Kerr is still basking in the glory of clinching the Nedbank Cup. The Maltese-born mentor, with the help from Mpho Maleka and David Mathebula, guided Vhadau Vha Damani, as TTM are affectionately known, to their maiden piece of silverware in the top-flight. The Limpopo side, who are debutants in the top-flight this season, edged Chippa United 1-0 in the final played at Free State Stadium on Saturday to lift the Ke Yona Cup. It was a moment to savour for Kerr and his charges, who have had to endure a tough first season in the land of milk and honey. Their well-documented off the pitch and financial problems appear to be a thing of the past now, as they celebrate a historic moment in the club’s history. But the job is only half done for chairman Ditonkana Sello’s TTM, who are still battling relegation. They have to turn their attention swiftly back to the DStv Premiership where they sit in a precarious position in 14th spot – one point clear of the drop zone. They face SuperSport United in what Kerr has described as another cup final at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday (5pm). “We have won the Nedbank Cup, which is the pinnacle of South African cup football,” said Kerr. “We have done one thing but we have a bigger job to do now. We have to put the cup triumph to bed and prepare for our next match. “We are still a long way from safety. Chippa may be below us but they have an easier run-in than we have. We have to maintain focus on the job at hand. I keep telling the players that we have done one thing, but there’s still more to do.” As another reward for their Nedbank Cup triumph, TTM can now look to playing continental football next season regardless of whether they get relegated or not. They will campaign in the Caf Confederation Cup and get to test themselves against some of the best teams in the continent. “I’ve been in the Caf Confederation Cup, twice but the players have not had that experience,” added Kerr. “It’s a fantastic tournament to be in. Financially it could be a problem but once you get to the group stages, then that finance will come back to the club and that’s what the players have to aim for.”