IT was a somber moment when the Zulu nation regent Queen Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu body arrived at her royal palace at KwaKhangelamankengane in Nongoma KZN. Her body was transported from Johannesburg to Nongoma on Wednesday, 05 May for her private burial on Thursday 6 May early morning. Her women Amabutho called Isiphithiphithi, Amabutho, and Reed Dance maidens were singing Zulu hymns to welcome her home and pay their last respect. Isiphithiphithi regiment was also singing Queen Mantfombi's favorite hymn called Ijoka lami when they were leading hearse with her body to the royal palace. Isiphithiphithi regiment leader Princess Topi Zulu told DailySun that they will continue using Queen Mantfombi lessons in their lives as her women regiment. “She formed this women's regiment called Isiphithiphithi a long time ago to let older women come together and discuss their issues and share tips of taking care of the homes and raising children. “Yes she is no more but we are her regiment and we will continue to share our issues and give each other good tips as women,” she said.  Princess Topi added that Queen Mantfombi loved to sing her favorite Zulu hymn called Ijokwe Lami in many cultural events in the Zulu royal house. When the hearse was arriving at the gate it stopped about 15 minutes when Zulu Nation Prime Minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi performed the welcoming ritual with a white goat. They sang the Zulu royal house hymns at the gate to welcome her, while king Zwelithini’s praise singers Buzetsheni Mdletshe, Mphatheni Mncwango and Mqondisi Mkhize was also asking Zulu ancestors to welcome him with their praises. He said “Queen MaDlamini, we are welcoming you to your palace with this white goat,” he said. Queen Mantfombi passed away on Thursday, 29 April after a few weeks she was appointed as the Zulu nation Regent. She is praised for reviving many Zulu cultural activities to empower women such as Umkhosi Womhlanga (Reed dance festival) for girls and Umkhosi Wesivivane for older women. Queen Mantfombi was expected to be a Zulu regent until she hands over the throne to her older son Prince Misuzulu Zulu after the royal house's three months mourning period that was going to end in June. 