FISTS recently went flying over a dirty nappy at a day-care centre – leaving a worker badly beaten! The argument at Ikemisetse Day-care Centre in the Vaal started after a teacher allegedly left work without changing a nappy when she knocked off last Thursday. The fight on Friday morning didn’t end well for Mmasethabane Rataele (48), who got her eyes moered shut by the principal’s son. Rataele told Daily Sun at her home in Sebokeng that she told her colleague she had left the nappy unchanged. “But things got out of hand and we fought. The principal tried to stop us, but was slapped accidentally. I then followed her to the house to apologise.” But when she got inside, her 26-year-old son started shoving her around. “Next thing, he was beating me up with his fists and I couldn’t do anything,” she said. Rataele tried to report the son to the principal. “She told me I was hurt by my colleague, not her son.” Rataele said the principal apologised on Monday. “Then two hours later, the son came with his mother to also apologise. But I want justice. I can’t get beaten this badly and then just forget about it.” Elias Monareng of the neighbourhood watch said they didn’t understand how workers could fight and have the owner not intervening in the matter. “We spoke to the victim and heard her story. Now we want to hear what happened from the owner. If this continues, kids may get injured. This creche must be closed until the matter is resolved.” Scores of residents gathered outside the centre to turn back parents and their children. They said they would be there the whole week until the owner addressed them. Owner Poppy Maphike said she tried to stop the fight and got moered in the process. “I got beaten up by Rataele. I then went into the house to wash my face because I was bleeding. I learnt from her that my son had beaten her up. I didn’t witness my son doing that because I was in the bathroom.” Maphike said she called Social Development to inform them of the incident. “Now we have to shut down the centre for a month so the incident can be resolved,” she added. Gauteng provincial spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said a case of assault gbh was opened. “The suspect was arrested. The matter is scheduled to appear again before court today (Friday),” he said.