RADIO and TV personality Bujy has faced a backlash after his recent episode on his podcast, Queer Way of Life with Bujy. The second episode of his YouTube podcast was about domestic violence and the clash between gays and lesbians. His guests were Amanda Ntshiba and Banzii Mavuso. However, people were not happy about Banzii being invited as a guest because she allegedly abused her wife. As a result, the show, Bujy and MacG started trending on social media, with people, especially from the queer community, saying they didin’t see why or how the show was relevant because it stood for the wrong things. They also brought up that the podcast was under MacG’s channel, and he was accused of being a homophobe a few months ago. ALSO READ: SGAQAGAQA DUMPS THE QUEEN! Bujy told Daily Sun that he hasn’t responded to the backlash because he might cause more turmoil. “I’ve been quiet because if I speak, I might say things that will evoke more emotions. I’m just sitting, watching and trying to observe how queer people respond to certain things and how we function. When I was watching all I could say was ‘really?’” said Bujy. He said more than anything, he’s embarrassed. “A part of me is embarrassed for the community. I’ve trended for so many things in my life, but nothing like this, I’ve never been so embarrassed. The queer community has let me down,” he said. Bujy said the problem starts when people don’t watch the podcast, but want to comment just for the sake of it. “Most of the people who complained didn’t watch the show, they commented after seeing a short clip on social media. Majority of them did that and they got confused. Those who watched it were able to come back and say that they have context and they understand,” he said. “People should rather suggest what they think could be better, not just criticise. This is sad because we’re pulling each other down as the queer community and that was part of the conversation we had during the podcast,” he said. I really don't know why Bujy got on MacG's podcast....Even worse that he's sharing problematic views about the community. 