BENNI McCarthy and his technical were never going to be allowed to leave AmaZulu and join Bafana Bafana, not in a million years. AmaZulu president Sandile Zungu, in a media briefing yesterday at the Jonsson Workwear in Durban, said McCarthy’s link to the Bafana job hurt them dearly, but stood firm that they were not going to let him go. “The recent stories that linked our technical team with Bafana were met with great resistance from us,” said Zungu. “So we were very clear that we don’t want to release Benni. I cannot lie to say these reports didn’t hurt us, they did and damaged us.” “I have been very consistent in saying that we will not release Benni to go to Bafana. Why? He’s doing a fantastic job here. “Why must we sacrifice the greatness of AmaZulu, which is on a rebuilding phase for the glory of the cause that we all subscribe to? Safa had so many alternatives that they had and they found someone.” McCarthy, Bafana’s all time goal scorer with 31 goals from 80 matches, was heavily linked with Bafana after it became vacant following the country’s failure to qualify for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) which led to the sacking of coach Molefi Ntseki. The Bafana post was eventually handed over to former Cameroon coach Hugo Broos on Wednesday. McCarthy, appointed in December last year at AmaZulu, drew attention following his exploits at Usuthu and everyone wanted him to over Bafana who are title contenders. The former Cape Town City coach is also the reigning DStv Coach of the Month for February. “Number two, we love Benni and everyone loves Benni,” added his boss, Zungu. After 26 matches played, AmaZulu are on 50 points – four points behind leaders Mamelodi Sundowns who still have a game in hand. Usuthu were the first club to reach 50 points this season, their first in the club’s history – first team to win six league games on the bounce. Few days ago, Usuthu, for the first time in their history claimed the R1,5 million Q-Innovation (Q3) prize money after winning six of eight matches in that category.