EGGS have become a popular way to help cleanse one’s spirit. Egg cleansing has been the talk of the town as some believe it’s changed their lives for the better, while others don’t believe it works. According to spiritualist Thembeka Moyo, spiritual egg cleansing is a ritual used to get rid of bad luck. She told Daily Sun it’s been around for centuries and she’s shocked people didn’t know about it. Thembeka said the egg is thought to absorb negative energy. She said to perform this ritual, you just need one egg, a candle, a glass of water and salt. “Light the candle, run the egg all over your body from head to toe while imagining all the negativity being absorbed into the egg. “Then break the egg into the water, leave it for 10 minutes and get ready to read the results. When finished, add salt to the mixture and flush it down the toilet,” she said. She said the best time to do it is on Sunday or Monday. Sangoma Joseph Dungamanzi told Daily Sun: “I believe we all have our own ways of cleansing and I just don’t believe that this is for us. “I believe we should stick with using chickens and whatever we’ve used all these years.” Gogo Naledi Mothapo said she doesn’t believe in egg cleansing, but believes whatever a person believes in will prosper. Titoti Mangena (37) said he used to be involved in many car accidents, fights and couldn’t find a job. “Things were just bad and at some point I was really depressed. A friend of mine recommended egg cleansing and I didn’t hesitate to do it.” He said since then, he does it every six months and hasn’t been happier. Sphesihle Ngwenya (33) said: “I was mostly concerned about not being able to keep a man. They used to run away from me but since 2019, my love life’s been great.” However, Samson Nkosi (28) said: “I tried it once as I was desperate but I’m still dealing with all the bad luck I’ve always had.” Minki Sibiya said people should stop doing everything they see on social media. “This why we have pastors who use doom on their congregants. People are desperate.”