THE ANC will be undertaking a roadshow to regions and provinces to explain its step-aside resolution that led to the temporary suspension of its secretary-general Ace Magashule. This comes amid a planned night vigil at its Luthuli House headquarters in Joburg by members, who have organised as the youth league to demand the immediate resignation of the national executive committee after it confirmed the suspension of Magashule following a special meeting at the weekend. However, the ANCYL task team convener Nonceba Mhlauli has distance the league from the vigil. “This is definitely not legitimate. We will look into the use of our logo for nefarious means. It seems another attempt to discredit the ANC and it’s leadership,” Mhlauli tweeted in response to a flyer that was doing the rounds on social media. But in a statement released hours before the planned action, the ANC said it has noted with concern the planned action by the grouping, which called on members to bring blankets to the headquarters for the vigil. “According to the group, their objective is to ‘unite and save the ANC’. The ANC wishes to reaffirm the right of its members to peaceful protest. The NEC remains focused on the unity and renewal of our movement as well as the implementation of the resolutions of the 54th National Conference,” said the statement. It added that the narrative that the NEC was not implementing conference resolutions or that it was focusing only on one resolution could not be substantiated. “The ANC calls on all its members and structures to rally behind the decisions of the NEC, the highest decision-making body in between conferences, as well as the resolutions of National Conference. The NEC will embark on a roadshow to regions and provinces to explain and clarify its recent decisions to ensure common understanding across the organisation,” said the party. The NEC has given Magashule until the end of the week to offer an apology to the party and the country for his wayward behaviour that led to him suspending President Cyril Ramaphosa without the mandate of the party or any structure. It remains to be seen if Magashule will do so, although a close associate has told Daily Sun that there was no way he was going to toe the party line. The source also said Magashule was preparing to challenge his suspension in court.