AWARD-WINNING artists Cassper Nyovest and Prince Kaybee have already started with the trash talk leading up to their highly anticipated boxing match. The two have been organising a boxing match from Tuesday, 25 May and they are already warming up for the big fight. Cassper assured people he was not bluffing about the boxing match and said Prince Kaybee must pick a date and he’ll show up and knock him out. He wrote: “People think I am bluffing because of the previous situation. I want the people to know all the developments. @PrinceKaybee_SA please pick a date, I will honor any date you pick and I will show up and knock you out. The ball in is your court!!!” Prince Kaybee said Cassper’s team had already chosen a date, but it didn’t suit him because he wasn’t ready. ALSO READ : MJOKES REMEMBERED BY FAMILY AND FRIENDS! “Your team already had a date because you were feeling confident training since last year for AKA. I also need to prepare like you did. If this was a street fight I would shave off your beard with my knuckles TODAY. So there’s a meeting scheduled, after we’ll know the exact date,” said Prince Kaybee. Cassper said the Fetch Your Life producer is making excuses. “I don’t do street fights. I have a big brand to protect. You making excuses. When will you be able to #PickADate ? You were talking big yesterday now you making excuses! When will you be able to tell the people what date you can fight. I will fight you any day you pick!! Just pick,” he wrote. But Prince Kaybee said Cassper must stop acting up because their teams have set up a meeting to look at available dates. However, Cassper was still standing on that Kaybee is making excuses. “Dawg, it’s simple. I can already tell you’re scared. Stop talking about our teams. Our teams do what we tell them to do. When are you going to be ready to fight me? It’s that simple. Is it this week, this month, this year ? Next year? 5 years from now. When do you wanna fight?” asked Cassper. People think I am bluffing because of the previous situation. I want the people to know all the developments. .@PrinceKaybee_SA please pick a date, I will honor any date you pick and I will show up and knock you out. The ball in is your court!!! #PickADate #CelebrityBoxing Your team already had a date because you were feeling confident training since last year for AKA. I also need to prepare like you did. If this was a street fight I would shave off your beard with my knuckles TODAY. So there’s a meeting scheduled, after we’ll know the exact date. https://t.co/y1PArf2RoI I don't do street fights, I have a big brand to protect. You making excuses. When will you be able to #PickADate ? You were talking big yesterday now you making excuses! When will you be able to tell the people what date you can fight. I will fight you anyday you pick!! Just pick https://t.co/LYWMO2Q8WH Tlohella ho acta mahn sani, you know very well your team proposed a meeting with my team to look at available dates. https://t.co/w0biyq7Lcx Dawg its simple. I can already tell you're scared. Stop talking about our teams. Our teams do what we tell them to do. When are you going to be ready to fight me ? It's that simple. Is it this week, this month, this year ? Next year ? 5 years from now . When do you wanna fight? https://t.co/xPfaa1Ai4f .@PrinceKaybee_SA I'm glad you know that your aren't fit to box me right now. That's okay. The only thing we wanna know is, when do you think you'll be fit enough or brave enough to stand in the ring with me? It's simple Kabelo. Just #PickADate . Any date. 