IN commemoration of Mother's Day on Sunday
9 May, Muvhango will host a series of media engagements with the
youth. The engagements, which will continue
throughout  May, will see Muvhango cast members
including Vho-Mukondeleli, played by Elsie Rasalanavho, Vho-Hangwani
played by Connie Sibiya, Vho-Makhadzi played by Eunice Mabeta and Vho-Masindi
played by Dr Regina Nesengani talking to the youth on burning issues including
femicide, unemployment, bullying and suicide. They will also read letters of comfort
they’ve written to the youth around these themes. Commenting on the campaign, Eunice said
the high rate of youth unemployment in South Africa has resulted in many social
ills. "The negative consequences of
unemployment for one’s well-being have been well documented. Being
unemployed is very unpleasant and can cause boredom, loneliness, uncertainty
about the future, concerns about financial matters, emptiness, and conflict.
Also stress, loss of income and isolation all can exacerbate the risk of
violence for women. I want to address these issues,” said
Eunice. ALSO READ: ENHLE MBALI VOWS TO SPILL THE BEANS Dr Nesengani, who will
address gender-based violence and femicide, said GBV is a big challenge
that affects the youth of Mzansi. “Issues like intimate femicide and GBV are
becoming more common in the country. This has caused so much pain in families.
I want young people to understand that femicide is a human rights violation.” Elsie, who will tackle bullying and
suicide, said in South Africa countless of children have fallen victim to
bullying, harassment as well as abuse in and outside their schools. " I will be engaging in appropriate
anti-bullying intervention campaigns. I want to raise awareness concerning this
social ill,” she said. Word of Mouth Pictures
CEO,  Mandla KaNozulu, said these social awareness campaigns by the actors
are aimed at encouraging and teaching the youth about social values. “We hope the campaign will provide
guidance on how to find safety and support for victims  of social ills,”
he said. He said the letters will be published on
Muvhango's social media platforms on Sunday, 9 May, with a surprise performance
by the cast members.