MULTI-TALENTED artist Latifa “Miss KK Swahili Queen” Mussa has the world at her feet. The rapper is set to release her latest song, Khanga, on Saturday. The song was inspired by an African piece of cloth called khanga. “In 2017, I visited musician Dully Sykes’s studio in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. “One of the things that struck me was the way it was decorated. “The celling was covered in different khanga materials. That’s when I decided to do something about it. “My intention was to show the youth that we need to embrace our African history,” she said. “The song is aimed at reminding the youth about their culture. “I wrote it, and then it was produced by Dully. “Khanga or kanga is a Swahili word meaning an African colourful printed garment similar to kitenge, worn by women and occasionally men.” ALSO READ | JACK MABASO LAID TO REST Miss KK, born to a Burundian mum and Tanzanian father, is based in Durban and began her career in 2015. She described herself as a businesswoman, humanitarian, feminist and activist against the abuse of women and children in Africa. Her debut single Anginandaba was an instant hit when she started singing. She said Anginandaba reflects her vibrant, versatile and kinky personality. “In my music career I’ve had the opportunity of working with the likes of Tanzanian artist Lord Bullet, and Lumkah Fabulas, who’s also known as Zulu base Queen, and King Nex,” she said. She’s now pursuing other forms of art, including modelling and dance. The talented artist said she had always wanted to pursue modelling, but her height would not allow her. “I then decided to stick with fashion design as it allowed me to express my fashion sense. “I also chose to be diverse because I don’t want to be boxed. Instead, I want to show my versatility. “I’m proud to say that since 2015, I’ve put my own wardrobe and outfits for each video and appearance,” said Miss KK. She has also performed on big stages such as MTV Base West Africa and The Base on ITV, which is Tanzania’s biggest television show.