LAST season individual accolades winners had not received what is due to them six month later. Mamelodi Sundowns were crowned the inaugural Safa National Women’s League champions, and were awarded a winning prize of R500 000 plus a trophy. TUT Ladies, who were runners up, received a cheque for R250 000, and third-placed Bloemfontein Celtic got R150 000. Fourth-placed First Touch Academy received R100 000. According to the information gathered by SunSport, the clubs were paid. However, the winners of the individual awards: Andile Dlamini, Hilda Magaia, Rhoda Mulaudzi and Kananelo Taiwane, are yet to receive what’s due to them. Magaia, who played for TUT Ladies, was voted Player of the Season, Dlamini (Sundowns Ladies) Goalkeeper of the Season accolade. Kananelo Taiwe (Bloemfontein Celtic Ladies) scooped the Young Player of the Season honours, while Mulaudzi (Sundowns Ladies) shared the top goalscorer award with Magaia as they both finished on 36 goals each. Talking to SunSport yesterday, two of the players who wanted to remain anonymous for fear of victimization said they’re disappointed with how the association has handled the situation as they are yet to receive what is due to them. “Six months later we haven’t got anything from Safa after the first season. We were promised that we will get the money in January. But even now we are still waiting. It’s sad that now we have to run around enquiring in order to get what is due to us,” said the player. Another player said: “I personally, I’m very disappointed considering that nobody asked them for these awards, nobody knew there going to be awards then out of a sudden they just come and say we have awards, make promises and leave us just like that. It’s really hard breaking. I’m just hoping one day they will do things transparent and keep their promises.” Magaia, who is now playing overseas for Swedish club Moron BK, is supposed to get R10 000 for being the tournament’s top scorer award and Player. Dlamini, Mulaudzi and Taiwan are supposed to get R5 000 each Player. “The report that I get from my office (Mr Thomas Sadiki) is that everyone was paid. I remember the goalkeeper of Sundowns (Dlamini) was calling every day until they were paid,” Safa CEO Tebogo Motlanthe said.