Tshwane's popular ultra marathon runner, Advocate Marukgwane Moremogolo, has passed away on Monday succumbing to cancer (Lymphoma). Moremogolo, originally from Brits, west of Pretoria, has been sick since December last year. He took his last breath after having been in pain from lymphoma for just about five months. He is popularly known for having run the gruelling 90km Comrades Marathon routes, both up-run and down-run, while going through the undulating and uphills of KwaZulu-Natal while reading a book. A legal adviser by profession at the Gauteng Provincial Legislature, an advocate of the High Court, Moremogolo was captured while reading Sabata-mpho Mokae’s political book “Moletlo wa Manong” (Feast of the Vultures). The Fat Cats Athletic Club runner used the taxing marathon route while reading to promote reading in South Africa in his quest to also get book donations for school libraries in Atteridgeville and Sebokeng. Meanwhile, his club, Fat Cats Athletic Club, has also passed on their condolences. "We woke up to heart-breaking news this morning (Monday) that one of our own, a dear brother and friend, Marukgwane “Maru” Moremogolo, affectionately known as the “Advocate Maru”, "The Future Mayor" or the “Reading Runner”, has left us," said the club in a statement on Monday. "Maru joined Fat Cats AC at the beginning of 2018 and has played a critical role in both Fat Cats AC and the running community as a whole, until his last days. One of the things that pops in one’s mind whenever the name 'Maru' is mentioned is his love for literature and how he always advocated for it. "He was also once a member of the Fat Cats Book Club and Fat Cats Golf Club. Maru made reading fashionable while driving the mission of empowering children by making books accessible to them so they can benefit from reading literature and ultimately improving their levels ofliteracy. "Maru's passing should serve as a moment of reflection to everyone to explore how they too can contribute to literacy and making sure the black child reads. This loss, should also be a wake-up call for us to make an active decision to get regular health checks to ensure that if anything, we catch all diseases in their infancy." The family is due to release a statement today regarding the unique runner's life as a lawyer and athlete.  