JAMES Moloi is convinced that he will romp victorious at the end of Athletics South Africa’s (ASA) quadrennial elective congress at the Southern Sun Hotel, Kempton Park on Saturday. The Athletic Gauteng North (AGN) president said he has thoroughly done his homework and is content that he will be ordained as the new ASA president this weekend to oust incumbent Aleck Skhosana. The two-horse race has turned fierce this week when both parties launched their respective manifestos, as they campaign to win the 17 regions that make up the national athletics governing body in the country. Top of Moloi’s list is the TV rights that has been a challenge for athletics in South Africa where most track events are not broadcast, and there’s occasional flighting of big marathons like Two Oceans, Comrades Marathon and Om Die Dam. “This is not enough... we need athletics on TV,” emphasised Moloi. Moloi, who has been at the helm of CGA for 10 years, believes there’s a lot that needs to change in South African athletics. “This is the time for change,” he said. Moloi said he enjoys support from seven regions of the 17, while others have given him verbal guarantees that they will back him. His province, along with Kwa-Zulu Natal, are regarded as leaders in national athletics world where big accolades are won, such as Comrades Marathon and Soweto Marathon. He was honoured with a Good Governance Province Award in 2019 by Athletics South Africa, something he prides himself with. “My interest is putting athletes and coaches first,” Moloi told SunSport. “Our athletes need money to survive. My strategy for elite athletes is to give them stipends so that they should not overload themselves with local competitions and end up not coping in international tournaments. At this stage it becomes difficult for me to say whether ASA has money or not because I’m outside. “But it’s guaranteed that we will draw many financial backers when I’m voted in. Corporate governance must be improved, forging a strong relationship with the sponsors, improve the relationship with all ASA stakeholders, address the broadcast rights issue for the benefit of athletics. “We will also rally behind provincial affiliates in order to better develop athletes in all provinces. I’m positive that we will do well during the Tokyo Olympic Games.”