A young boy looked on as campaigning ANC officials were eating chicken feet next to him. It’s still not known if the boy, who looked like he was craving braaied chicken feet, was offered any. The boy looked stunned as he watched MEC Faith Mazibuko, Joburg MMC Loyiso Masuku and two others chowing the spicy chicken feet and licking their fingers. These officials were caught on video boasting about how they bought chicken feet for the sake of getting votes. The officials can be heard in the video saying they had bought all the chicken feet from the local vendor, leaving the vendor without any stock left. ALSO READ: MOB JUSTICE: ANOTHER ‘GANG MEMBER’ DIES! Masuku says in the video they bought chicken feet from a local business for the sake of getting the votes. Mazibuko’s also heard boasting about supporting local businesses. “For the sake of the Vote” Loyiso Masuku @ANCJHB Deputy Regional Secretary #sabcnews pic.twitter.com/feX46W9iqp But their conduct didn’t sit well with some people who claimed the officials were mocking local business. Tshepi tweeted, “This is truly the ANC, eating all alone. Best video ya ANC, not handing out T-shirts. This is it, people watching them eat while not eating. Hazel Mahazard said: “They left their mansions, drove their big cars and came here to literally eat in front of the poor!!? How many cheeks must we turn? How many times must this party spit in our faces until enough becomes enough? This is infuriating and sickening. Fok everyone in this video.” Mukwevho said: “This is nonsense. They’re eating in front of kids and speaking rubbish. These are not the leaders we want in the ANC. I hope Joburg will take serious action on these comrades.” After being asked by one of the twitter users to go back to the area and check on the child who was standing next to them, Mazibuko tweeted: “Ngizokwenza njalo.. My understanding is that kukubo lapho sithenge kona lamanqina…” In a statement Masuku said: "We
made a quick stop for food because we were really hungry and had been working
throughout the day doing door-to-door creating awareness on by-elections and
the voting process. The clip
has been cut and shows only bits and pieces without the full context,"
said Masuku. Masuku said
the child next to them was with the woman from which they bought amanqina. "An
earlier part of the clip showing the child-eating is also available.  The comment about the "for the sake of
the vote" was in reference to working long hours doing our elections
campaign work and not in anyway to voters. "To an
extent where I asked Cde Faith why the manqina are red and she said they have
Chilli and I told her I don't eat chilli food but because I'm starving let me
try.  It was in no way directed at
anybody and I sincerely apologize for the misunderstanding. Ndiyaxolisa
Bethunana," Masuku said