WITH Mamelodi Sundowns winning their historic 11th PSL title, three-star players are currently topping the charts of the most decorated players. Veterans goalkeeper Denis Onyango, midfielder Hlompho Kekana and Tebogo Langerman are the leading the pack to have won most league titles. SUNSPORT LOOKS AT THE TOP FIVE ACHIEVERS 5. Tiyani Mabunda - Mamelodi Sundowns -Five PSL titles Over the past season, Mabunda contributed immensely to Sundowns' success. However, this season it was different as the veteran midfielder spent most of his time in the stands watching his team play. Sugar, as he is known in the football circles, has five titles to his name, and all of them came during his time with the Chloorkop-based side. 4. Anthony Laffor – Chippa United - Six PSL titles The Liberia international is currently with Chippa United. He is also among the veterans' players who struggled to get much game time this season even after downgrading from Sundowns to a team that is considered a small team. He still struggled to feature consistently. However, he remains one of the most decorated players in the league. He won his first two league trophies with SuperSport United in 2009 and 2010 before adding another four with the Brazilians in recent years. 3. Tebogo Langerman - Mamelodi Sundowns- Seven PSL titles There have been reports that Langerman will be among the players that Sundowns will release in the mass clearing, which will see many veterans being released. The defender also struggled with game time this season. He made few cameo appearances. With Sundowns winning the league, this added to his league title to SEVEN. Langerman won his first league trophy with SuperSport United in 2009. He then added a second the following year (2010) before winning five more with Sundowns between 2014 and 2021. 2. Denis Onyango - Mamelodi Sundowns - Seven PSL titles The Uganda national won three league titles with SuperSport United before joining Sundowns, where he added four more titles with the current one. Despite being on the books of Sundowns since 2011, Onyango was not given the winners' medal in the 2013/14 season as he was on loan at Bidvest Wits, and the PSL only allocated 35 medals for the winning team. 1. Hlompho Kekana - Mamelodi Sundowns - Seven PSL titles The Brazilians skipper lifted his first two league trophies with SuperSport United in 2009 and 2010 before moving to Bloemfontein Celtic for a season in the 2010-11 campaign. Kekana then joined Sundowns in 2011, where he has won an additional five titles to take his tally of winners' medal to seven. Kekana is also another player who spent much more time on the bench this season than being on the field.